Huh? I’d gone to the library to do a bit of reading. My name is %Name%, and I’m a sophomore in college. I’m also aware that I am more of a nerd than the rest of my classmates. Ever since I first became interested in video games and anime and other Otaku past-times, I’ve given them more of my time than I give my actual studies. My parents know this about me, and so they gave up on me early on. Instead, they sent my brother to a famous prep-school in an effort to secure his future. But the pressure was too much for him. He got worn out with all the studying and turned into a troubled teen, dying his hair and yelling obscenities around the house. For a little while, the whole family was miserable. But then a savior appeared to save the day: me! He was always scowling and mouthing off to everyone, but I had an ingenious plan up my sleeve: I suggested he try playing a game, a popular one. It was a dating simulator, the kind where you get to go on dates with cute girls. What the hell? Just try it! You don’t have to commit to liking it. I said that because I knew the real reason he had turned into such a punk. When we were growing up, our parents had always given me whatever I asked for—but he had never received the same treatment. He wanted the freedom that I’d always had. I’m a specialist when it comes to having fun though, so he was interested in the game I suggested, if only because he knew I was an authority on the fun. He told me this himself, later on down the line. I’ll just skip right to the end: there’s one more Otaku in the world now. If you walked into his room now, you’d see posters and figurines from the very same game I introduced him to. Not only that, but he also rededicated himself to his studies, got into a great school, and is apparently at the top of his class.    My parents were so happy about my intervention that they spoiled me even more as a result, so I am currently leading a very free life as a college student. Ok, so that was a bit of a digression. I had gone to the library to do a bit of reading. My parents give me an allowance of 10,000 yen every month. The naughty games and magazines, light novels and manga that my friends and I go through eat up that allowance pretty quickly. I have a part-time job that brings in about 50,000 yen a month, which is great, but the various festivals I take part during the summer and winter months use all that money as well. My brother is not the sort of person to go out of his way to participate in a festival, but my parents rent a room for us near the festival grounds to encourage his participation. Well whatever, they have their own lives to live so they can’t give me all that much money. They try to help cover tuition and rent, so that’s plenty. So whenever I need to save money, when I don’t have all that much, I go to used bookstores or to the library to read. If I have free time, I like to play games online, but if you really want to be good at them there’s no end to how much time you could sink into a character. Besides, I consider myself a jack-of-all-trades, and I’m not really the type to invest all my time in one particular thing. That, and even when I do get into a game, I don’t really care about leveling up my character. I just end up obsessed with gathering money in the virtual world. Even as I’m writing these words, I have characters and rare items that I collected up for sale. Thanks to those sales, I somehow managed to secure free time for myself in the real world. Ok then, so I was there in the library when all this craziness started. I was looking over an old bookshelf in the corner that was dedicated to fantasy novels. I think that fantasy has a history at least as long as recorded human history. I mean, if you really think about it, even the Bible is a type of fantasy novel. The Records of the Four Holy Weapons? This really old-looking book just fell off the shelf. The title was pretty hard to make out, and I guess whoever had been reading it last hadn’t taken    the time to put it back securely. Whatever. Figuring it was probably destiny, I brought it back to the table, sat down, and opened it. Flip… Flip… It was the kind of book that starts off by telling you about the fantasy world itself. To sum it up, it seemed to be about a different world, one with an apocalyptic prophecy to worry about. The prophecy said that many waves of great destruction would wash over the world until nothing was left. To stave off disaster and escape destruction, the people would call for heroes from another world to come and save them. Or something like that, anyway. Hmm, well the idea seems pretty cliché now, but something about the The book is that old felt, ironically, fresh. So the four heroes each possessed a weapon. Sword, spear, bow, and shield. I started to wince at the content. I mean, when you think about it, a shield is not even a weapon at all. Anyway, I started to skim ahead. The four of them went on a journey to train, gather strength, perfect themselves, and stop the prophesied destruction of the world. My head jerked. I’d nearly fallen asleep in my seat. It was all too much, I was yawning. And the book was so old-fashioned. I mean, there were no cute heroines at all. The only girl was the princess, and she was horrible because she was manipulative and obsessed with the heroes. She kept casting flirtatious glances at all of them, pitting them against each other. I wished she would just pick one of them to focus on. The Sword Hero was active and powerful; the Spear Hero valued and protected his friends, and the Bow Hero would never tolerate injustice. All the heroes were good people with great personalities. There aren’t many stories like that these days. Do you know the kind where all the characters share the protagonist spotlight? What’s this? The story was shifting to talk about the Shield Hero. Huh? I turned the page and let out an involuntary yelp. All the pages after the introduction of the Shield Hero were blank. I kept flipping, kept looking them over, but they were all blank, white pages. There was nothing else in the book. What the heck?    I was thinking of how strange it all was when I started to feel dizzy. Huh? What’s… I heard my own bewildered whisper and felt my consciousness slipping away… I’d never dreamed that I’d be transported to another world.   Oh wow… I heard the sound of people marveling at something and suddenly was awake again. My eyes weren’t ready to focus on anything, but I pointed them straight ahead anyway. There were men in robes, looking at me in awe, and apparently speechless. What’s all this? I turned in the direction of the voice and discovered three other people there. Like myself, they didn’t seem to know what was going on. I scratched my head. I’d been in the library only moments before, but then… why? And just where was I? I flipped my head left and right and found that I was in a room. The walls were made of stone. Is that what they call brick? Regardless, I don’t think it was anywhere I’d been before. And it certainly was not the library. I looked at the floor. It was covered in geometric patterns that had been painted in some sort of fluorescent material. There was also an altar of some kind. It looked like something magical, straight out of a fantasy. We were standing on the altar. Wait for a second, why was I holding a shield? I was holding a shield. It was feather-light, and fit my hand perfectly. I couldn’t figure out why I was holding it though, so I went to put it down, only to find that I was unable to do so. It was like it was stuck to me. Where are we? Just as I was wondering the same thing, the man next to me, the one carrying a sword, asked some men in robes. Oh, Heroes! Please save our world! What?! The four of us shouted in unison. What is that supposed to mean? But the appeal of the robed men sounded familiar, like something I’d read on the Internet.    There are many complications in this situation, but to offer a simple answer to your question, we have just completed an ancient ceremony and summoned you, four Heroes. Summoned? Yes, that was it. There was a really good chance that it was all some prank, but there seemed nothing wrong with hearing them out. Besides, it’s more fun to be pranked than to prank someone else, anyway. I don’t mind that sort of thing. I think it’s fun. Our world teeters on the brink of destruction. Heroes, please lend us your strength, said the robed men, bowing very deeply to us. Well, it wouldn’t hurt to… I began to reply, but the other three guys spoke up quickly. I don’t think so. Yeah, me neither. We can go back to our world, right? We’ll talk about your problems after that. What? Did they think it was okay to speak to someone like that? Someone that was bowing to us out of desperation? Why couldn’t they save their conclusions until after they’d heard the bulk of the situation? I glared at them in silence, and soon the three of them were looking me over. What were they smiling about? We could all feel the room growing tense. What jerks! I bet they were actually happy to be there. Think about if it were true! They’d get the chance to have adventures in another world. It’d be a dream come true! Sure, it’s a cliché, but still, couldn’t we at least hear them out? The guy with the sword looked like he might have been in high school. He pointed his sword at the robed men and nearly shouted, Don’t you feel any guilt for calling people into your world without their permission? Besides, said the guy with the bow and arrows, Even if we save you and bring peace to your world, you’ll just send us back home, right? That just sounds like a job to me. He was glaring at the robed men. I wonder how much you’ve considered our opinion on this. I wonder how it could be worth our while? Depending on how the conversation goes, keep in mind that we might end up enemies of your world.     So that’s how it was. That’s what they wanted. This is when they try and figure out their standing and demand a reward. Well, they certainly were an outspoken, confident bunch. I felt like I was somehow losing to them. Yes, well, we would very much like you to speak with the king. He will discuss future compensation with you in the throne room. One of the robed men, apparently their leader, leaned against a very heavy looking door until it opened, at which point he pointed in the direction we were to go. Whatever. Fine. I don’t think it really matters who we talk to, but whatever. My outspoken companions complained as they left the room in the direction indicated. I didn’t want to be left alone, so I followed them out. We walked out of the darkened room and down a hallway made of stone. How should I describe it? The air felt fresh… and I can’t think of any other words for it. Vocabulary has never been my strong suit. We were able to steal a glance through a window, and the scenery took our breath away. The clouds were high, high in the sky for as far as you could see. There, below us, a town spread out from the building we were in, all the houses lined up pretty, just like one of those European cities you’d see featured in a travel brochure. I wanted to pause for a minute and take it all in, but there was no time. We were hurried past the window and down the hall, and soon enough we arrived at the throne room. Huh, so these kids are the four Holy Heroes? An important-looking older man was sitting there on the throne. He leaned forward as he spoke. He didn’t make a good first impression on me. I just can’t stand people who condescend. My name is Aultcray Melromarc XXXII, and I rule these lands. Heroes, show me your faces! I almost yelled at him to shut up, but I caught myself just in time. I guess he was in a position of authority, and he seemed to be a king of some sort. Now then, I shall begin with an explanation. This country, no, this whole world is on the brink of destruction.    Seems like a rather regal introduction. The other guys with me spoke up. Well, I guess that makes sense, considering you’d call for us from another world. Yeah, figures. I’ll try to summarize the king’s story: There was a prophecy about the end of the world. Many waves would appear, and they would wash over the world, again and again, until nothing remains. Unless the waves were repelled and their accompanying calamities avoided, the world was doomed. The prophecy was from long ago, though the time it spoke of was now, this very moment. There was also a large and ancient hourglass that would signal the times. The hourglass predicted the arrival of the waves, and its sands began to fall one month ago. According to legend, the waves would come in one-month intervals. In the beginning, the citizens of the land mocked the legends. However, when the sands in the hourglass began to fall, a great calamity visited the land. A fissure appeared in the country, Melromarc, a fissure to another dimension. Terrifying and horrible creatures crawled out from it in great numbers. At the time, the country’s knights and adventurers were able to repel the advance of the creatures, but the next wave was prophesied to be even more terrible. At this rate, the country was doomed, having no way to ward off the impending disaster. Considering the situation nearly hopeless, the kingdom decided to summon heroes from another world. That about sums it up. Oh, by the way, it seems like the Legendary Weapons enabled us to understand the language of that world. All right, said one of my companions. I think I understand where you’re coming from. But does that mean you are basically commanding us to help you? Seems all fine and good… for you I agree. All this sounds pretty self-centered to me. If your world is on the road to destruction, just let it burn. I don’t see what it has to do with us. I could tell by the condescending giggle he struggled to hide that he secretly thought that this was all really cool.    Well it was my turn to speak up next. As they have said, we don’t have a responsibility to help you. If we dedicate our time and lives to bringing peace to your kingdom, do we get anything besides a ‘thanks and see you later’? I mean, I guess what I really want to know is if there is a way for us to get home. Could you tell me anything about that? Hmmm… The king shot his vassal a sidelong glance. Of course we are planning on compensating you all for your efforts. The heroes, including myself, pumped our fists in celebration. Yes! Phase one of negotiations: complete. Naturally, continued the king. I’ve made arrangements to support you financially, and also to provide you with whatever you may require, in thanks for your efforts on our behalf. Oh yeah? Cool. Well, as long as you’ll promise us that, I don’t think we’ll have a problem. Don’t think you’ve bought us off. As long as we aren’t enemies, I’ll help you out though. Agreed. Me too. Why did they all have to act so superior all the time? Think about where we are! Do you really want to make an enemy of the king? Still, I guess it was good to get all the particulars out of the way in advance rather than risk losing everything down the road. Very well then, Heroes. Tell us your names. Wait a second—I just noticed something. Doesn’t all this sound similar to the book I’d been reading in the library? The Records of the Four Holy Weapons? A sword, spear, bow…and yes, a shield. Even the four heroes were the same. Could I have somehow gotten pulled into the world of that book? I was starting to mull these things over when the kid with the sword, the Sword Hero, stepped forward and introduced himself. My name is %char4%. I am 16 years old, and a high school student. The Sword Hero, %char4%. He was an attractive young guy. His face was handsome, and he was relatively short, maybe 160 centimeters. If he cross-dressed, you’d mistake him for a girl in an instant. His face was so    composed. His hair was black, and cut short. His eyes were sharp, and his skin was white. Overall he gave off a cool impression. Like a quick, slender swordsman. All right, I’ll go next. My name is %char6%. I’m 21, and a college student. The Spear Hero, %char6%. He came off as light-hearted and kind, something like an older brother. His face was at least as well kept as Ren’s, the type of guy who was sure to have a girlfriend or two. He was probably around 170 centimeters. His hair was pulled back into a ponytail. I normally don’t like ponytails on men, but it seemed to suit him. Overall he seemed like a caring, older brother. Ok, my turn. I’m %char5%. I’m 17, and still in high school. The Bow Hero, %char5%. He looked like the calm, pianoplaying sort of character. How to explain it? He seemed vain, and yet, at the same time, he held some unrevealed strength. There was something indefinite about him. Something vague. He was the shortest among us, probably somewhere around 155 centimeters. His hair style was slightly wavy, as if it had been permed. He was like a soft-spoken younger brother. Apparently we were all Japanese, though I would be pretty surprised to see a foreigner here anyway. Oh, my turn already? I guess I’m last. My name is %Name%. I’m 20 years old, and a college student. The king looked down at me condescendingly. I felt goose bumps crawl up and down my spine. Now then. Ren, %char6%, and %char5%, correct? Your Grace, you’ve forgotten me. Ah yes, pardon me, Mr. %Name%. So the old guy was a little slow on the uptake. But you know… I was still feeling somehow out of place among them all there. And now he forgot to include me in such a short list? Now then, Heroes. Please confirm your status, and give yourselves an objective evaluation. Huh? What did he mean by status?!    Excuse me, but how are we supposed to evaluate ourselves? asked %char5%. Ren sighed loudly, like he couldn’t be bothered to explain it to us. You mean to say that you all haven’t figured it out yet? Didn’t you realize it the moment you arrived here? Oh come on, he just knew everything. Was that it? Guess he was some kind of genius. I mean, he went on, Haven’t you noticed any weird icons hanging out in your peripheral vision? Huh? But since he mentioned it… if you looked off vaguely, and focused on the soft edges of your field of vision, there were little marks there. I could see them too. Just focus your mind on that icon. I did, and heard a soft beep, just like I was sitting in front of a computer, and the icon expanded to take over my field of vision. It was like opening an Internet browser. %Name% Iwatani Class: Shield Hero LV 1 Equipment: Small Shield (Legendary Weapon) Other-World Clothes Skills: None Magic: None There were still quite a few things listed, but I decided to ignore them for the moment. So this is what the king meant by status? Wait. Just what the hell was all this? It felt like I was in a game. Level 1… That makes me nervous.  Good point, at this rate, who knows if we’ll even be able to fight at all. What is all this? Do these things not exist in your world, oh Heroes? You are experiencing ‘Status Magic.’ Everyone in this world can see and use it. Really?    I was amazed at how normal everyone seemed to think it was, this numerical expression of your physical body. And what are we supposed to do? These numbers seem awfully low. Yes, well. You will need to go on a journey to further polish your abilities, and to strengthen the Legendary Weapons you possess. Strengthen them? You mean these things aren’t strong right from the get-go? That is correct. The summoned Heroes must raise their Legendary Weapons by themselves. That is how they will grow strong. %char6% was spinning his spear and thinking. Why don’t we just use different weapons while these ones are bulking up? Seems smart to me. That did seem like a good idea. And besides, I was stuck with a shield, not even a weapon in its own right. I’d better get another weapon. Ren cut in to clarify, We can work all that out later on. Right now, we should focus on improving ourselves, just like the king has asked us to do. It was so exciting! We were heroes summoned from another world! It felt a little like manga, but any Otaku worth his salt would jump at a chance like this. My heart was pounding in my chest, and I couldn’t get myself to calm down. It looked like the other heroes around me felt the same way. Are we going to form a party? The four of us? Wait just a moment, Heroes. Hm? Just as we were preparing to set out on an adventure, the king spoke again. The four of you should set out separately, to recruit your own companions. Why is that? According to the legends, he began, The Legendary Weapons you possess will interfere with one another should you form a party. Both your weapons and yourselves can only grow when you are apart from one another. I don’t really understand all that, but if we stay together, we can’t level up, right? Huh? Everyone found instructions near their weapons. We all began to read at the same time.    Attention: the Legendary Weapons and their owners will experience adverse effects if they fight together. Caution: it is preferable that the Heroes and weapons are used individually. I guess it’s true then… But why did all of this sound so much like a game? It was like I’d been transported into a game. Anyway, games don’t feel this real, and there were real humans living here, so I guess it was still a reality of one kind or another. Still, the system reminded me of a game nonetheless. The instructions on the weapons went on at great length and detail, but there wasn’t enough time to read them right then. So you think we should try and form our own parties? I will attempt to secure travel companions for you all. Regardless, evening draws near. Heroes, you should rest for the night and prepare for departure on the morrow. In the meantime, I will find companions for you from the village below. Thank you very much. Thanks. We all thanked the king and retired to our room for the night.       There were ornate beds prepared for us in the provided chamber. Everyone was sitting on them, closely inspecting their weapons, and letting their vision drift absentmindedly to check on their status screens. I glanced at the window, only to find that the sun had set long ago, which just goes to show how much time we had spent reading the instructions. Ok, so let’s see here. The Legendary Weapons required no maintenance at all. They were powerful and sturdy enough on their own. The material the weapons were constructed of reacts to the level of the hero who wields them, and any slain monsters were recorded in something called a weapon book. The weapon book was something that apparently kept a list of all the forms the Legendary Weapons were capable of transforming into. There was a weapon book for my own shield that could be viewed from the weapon icon. I opened it. Fwip! The border of the window quickly expanded to fill my field of vision, and it was filled with rows of weapon icons. It appeared as though none of them were currently available for upgrades. Huh, would you believe it? It looked like certain weapons could be set and improved upon, growing more powerful with time. Got it. It was just like the way that skills and weapons are leveled up in online games. It said that in order to learn skills, the powers hidden in our weapons would have to be set loose. It really did seem exactly like a game of some sort. Hey, this is just like a game, don’t you think? It looked like the other guys were reading over the help menus too. One of them responded to my question. Like a game? I think it actually might be a game. I know games that are just like this, said %char6%, bristling with an air of conceit. Huh? Yeah, it’s a pretty famous online game. Haven’t you heard of it?    Uh, no? And I’m a pretty hardcore Otaku. You’ve never heard of it, %Name%? It’s called Emerald Online. Never heard of it. What is it? %Name%, have you even played an online game before? It’s famous! Nah, I’ve only played stuff like Odin Online, or Fantasy Moon Online. Those are pretty famous too. I’ve never heard of them before. Must be minor titles or something. Huh? Huh? I don’t know what any of you are referring to. This is nothing like an online game. It’s more like a console game. %char6%, %char5%, you’re both wrong on this one. If anything, it’s a VRMMO. No way. Even if we suppose, for the moment, that we are in an online game, it still must be the sort that you control by a mouse, or with a controller. Ren looked confused by %char6%’s theory, and he jumped into the conversation. A mouse? A controller? What kind of antique games are you guys talking about? These days, aren’t all online games VRMMO? VRMMO? I guess you mean a Virtual Reality MMO? Cut the sci-fi crap. You know the tech isn’t ready for stuff like that yet. Huh?! Ren nearly shouted in surprise. Thinking back on it, he was the first of us to figure out how to use the Status Magic. It kind of seemed like he knew what he was doing. He might have known more than he was letting on. Um, excuse me? You all seem to think this is like a game you know. Can I ask what the names of those games are? %char5% raised his hand and answered quickly: Brave Star Online. Emerald Online. I spoke up next. I dunno. I mean, are we even in a game world? I also thought it seemed a bit like a game, but could we really have arrived in a game that I had never even heard of? I see. As for my opinion, this reminds me of a console game called Dimension Wave. And so we all seemed to think the world represented a different game.    Wait a second. Let’s try to collect what we know for sure. %char6% rested his head on his hands and tried to calm us down. Ren, This VRMMO you speak of means exactly what we said, correct? Yeah. %char5%, %Name%, you guys understand what he means, right? I think it sounds like a game from science fiction, but yes. I think I read about something like it in a light novel once. Fair enough. That’s about all I can think of too. Okay then, Ren. The game you mentioned, Brave Star Online. Is that a VRMMO too? Ah, right. The VRMMO I played was called Brave Star Online. The world felt very, very similar to this one. Considering the way Ren spoke of it, it seemed like this VRMMO thing was ordinary technology for him. It sounded like computers could read the user’s brain waves, and allow the user to dive into the computer world directly. Ok fine. Well, if that’s true, Ren, in the world you come from, do they have any games similar to the things we have mentioned? Like maybe in the past? Ren shook his head. And just so you know, I consider myself pretty well-versed in the history of games where I’m from. I’ve never heard of anything like what you are all talking about. But the games you guys are talking about… You all consider them relatively well-known titles, right? %char6% and I nodded in agreement. If we knew anything about online games, which we all thought we did, it seemed impossible that we wouldn’t know anything about the games we were all mentioning. Even if, for the time being, we grant that we were not as well versed in online games as we all assumed ourselves to be… We all thought we were mentioning famous games. How could we be so wrong? Ok then, let’s start with some common-sense questions. You can all name the current prime minister, right? Sure. Ok, let’s all say it at the same time. Gulp. Masato Yuda. Gotaro Yawahara Enichi Kodaka.    Shigeno Ichifuji. We all fell silent. I had never heard of the other names. Not even in the history books. We went on to compare our knowledge of Internet terms, famous Internet sites, and famous games. None of our examples matched up. In the end, we didn’t seem to share any references at all. It kind of seems like we all came from different Japans. It does seem that way. I certainly can’t imagine how we could be from the same place. I guess that means that there is a Japan in all our parallel worlds? I thought at first that we could just be from different time periods. But none of our experiences match up, so that can’t be it. Even at that, we all had one thing in common: We were Otaku. That had to mean something. If that’s the case, it seems like we were all brought here for different reasons, and in different ways. I’m not really into having useless conversations. Do we really need to have these things in common anyway? Ren spoke up as if he was the coolest person in the room, and he wanted everyone to know it. I was on my way home from school when I hit a spot of bad luck and got caught up in a murder case. It was the talk of the town at the time. Uh huh. I was with a good friend. I remember saving him, and I remember the criminal getting arrested… …Ren was rubbing his side, softly, as he spoke. I wanted to poke fun at him. What kind of hero did he think he was with all this talk of saving his best friend and all that? I managed to keep my thoughts to myself. I suppose he was saying that he caught the bad guy but then was stabbed in the side during the struggle. He looked like the kind of guy to boast about things that never happened. I instantly wanted to file him away as untrustworthy… and yet, he was one of the heroes summed here. The least I could do was hear him out. Anyway, so then, before I knew it, I woke up here.    Makes sense. Pretty cool of you though, isn’t it? Saving your best friend and all? He responded to my compliment with even more aloofness. Fine then. Ok, I guess I’m next, said %char6%, lightly pointing at himself. I have… Well, to put it simply… I have quite a few girlfriends. I’m sure you do. Something about him seemed like a thoughtful older brother. He also gave off the impression of being popular with girls. And well… You had too many at once, and they stabbed you or something? Ren said, laughing to himself. %char6% snapped his eyes open in surprise then nodded. Yeah well… Women are terrifying. Goddam it! I took no time to disguise my anger and found myself flicking him off. He could die for all I cared… or wait, I suppose he already had. Is that how they got here? But wait… %char5% placed his hand over his heart and began to speak. Now it’s my turn. I was on my way home from prep school. I went to cross the road, but a dump truck came screaming around the corner at full speed. And then… Again, we all fell to silence. So he was almost certainly hit by a truck… What a sad way to go… But wait… Wasn’t I kind of an outlier in this situation? Uh… do we really all have to talk about how we got here? Well, we all already have. I guess. Well… Sorry everyone. I was at the library, flipping through a book I’d never seen before. Before I knew it, I woke up here. Again, silence. They were staring at me, cold as ice. What was that supposed to mean. Did I have to come here under miserable circumstances to be part of their group? The three of them started whispering among themselves so that I couldn’t hear what they were saying. Yeah… but he… he has a Shield. I knew it… %char6%, you too? Yeah…    I started to feel like they were making fun of me. It was time for a change of subject. All right, so is it fair to assume that we all have a pretty good idea about how the system in this world works? Sure. Done it a thousand times. I think I get it well enough. Well, there you have it… but wait! Am I the only amateur here?! This sucks. W…Well…. Maybe you guys could teach me what I need to know to fight in this world? There were no games like this where I’m from. Ren narrowed his eyes and glared at me. Again, ice-cold. For whatever reason, %char6% and %char5% were looking at me with kindness. All right then, your big brother %char6% will, as best he can, teach you the basics. He sounded fake, with that big smile on his face. Soon his hand was on my shoulder, and he was talking away. First of all, and I’m only talking about the game I know, Emerald Online… but you’re a ‘Shielder.’ Basically, your job is to use the Shield and protect people. Uh huh. In the beginning, your defense is super high, which is great and all, but as you go up in levels, the damage you start to take gets a little unbalanced. Uh huh… There are no high-level Shielders. At higher levels, it’s a useless class. Noooooooooooooo! That was not what I wanted to hear. What was with the death report? All they wanted to say was that I was doomed? Hey, no thanks! What about updates? Were there no updates? Like… to balance out my class?! Nope. Because of the game’s system, and because of the game’s population, the class was abandoned pretty early on. It’s really not good for much. I think they had even planned to delete the class altogether… And I guess I can’t change jobs?! Well the associated jobs are all… how to put it? Dead.    And I can’t change? Nah, the game never let you switch to another job tree. WHAT?! Was I really stuck with the worst job in the game? I was staring at the shield in my hands and thinking. Was my future really so gloomy? What do you guys think? I asked, turning to Ren and %char5%, but they both turned away from me. Sorry… I feel the same… No! So I really was stuck with the short straw? I was dwelling on this, absentmindedly, when I saw the three of them in the corner of my eye. They were all deep in conversation about the game. What about the geography? The names are different, but the map seems to be the same. If the map is the same, there’s a high probability that the division of efficient monsters is the same also. The best hunting grounds will be different for each weapon. Probably best to make sure we go to different places. True. We need to focus on efficiency. Did they all know enough about the game to figure out how to cheat? It started to look that way. Hey, there’s a thought. If my class was so weak, I could just depend on them to support me. There were plenty of ways to do it. Even if I were weak, fighting with the party would get me experience to level up. What is another world, if not an opportunity to fight with your brothers, to deepen your bonds? That’s how it was supposed to work, right? Now, if only there were a girl or two in the party. Then things would be perfect. If I was a Shielder, I wouldn’t do the fighting. I’d just protect my teammates, right? I didn’t really have a chance to meet any girls back in my world, but things might be different here. Hmm… Well, it will be fine. I mean, we are in a whole new world! Even if I’m not the strongest character, I’m sure something will work out. They looked at me as if they were looking at something pitiful… or at least, I thought that’s how they were looking at me. If I let it bother me, I’d be doomed before we even got started. Besides, I was equipped to defend,    and this wasn’t a game. I could just get rid of my special shield and get a weapon instead. All right, let’s do this! I forced myself to show some gumption. Heroes, we have prepared a meal for you. What’s that? Looks like we were going to get a nice dinner. Nice. We opened the door, and the attendant guided us to the knight’s dining hall for dinner. It was like something out of a fantasy movie. The dining hall of a great castle! There was a large table in the center, laid out like a buffet with all sorts of food. Everyone, please eat whatever you like. What? I guess we are eating with the castle knights? Ren mumbled to himself. How could someone complain about a dinner like this? Damn he was rude. You misunderstand. This food has been prepared for you. The knights will not be permitted to enter until you have had your fill, said the attendant. I looked around the room only to find that the boisterous crowd we’d assumed were other diners was actually composed chiefly of cooks. I suppose this was meant to imply that the four of us were of higher priority than the castle knights. Thank you. Let’s eat then. Yeah. Right on. And so we began to dine on the food of this new world. The culinary sensibilities were not what I was used to, but it was certainly not disgusting. There wasn’t anything I wasn’t able to stomach. And yet, something that looked like an omelet tasted more like oranges, and many of the dishes combined flavors that never went together where I was from. We finished eating, and found ourselves growing sleepy on the way back to our rooms. Think they have a bath?    Well, it looks like the Middle Ages around here. They might have a bathtub though. If you don’t request it, I doubt they will provide one. I guess I can let it go for one day. Yeah, I’m getting tired, and the adventure starts tomorrow. Better get a good night’s sleep. Everyone nodded in agreement to %char6%’s suggestion, and we went to our beds. The four of us, including me, were obviously excited for the next day to come. Still, we fell asleep very quickly. Our adventure began the next day!       Finally, the dawn arrived. We finished eating breakfast and were waiting in anticipation for the king’s summons. It was only natural to give us a little spare time in the morning. No one wants to feel rushed out of bed. Finally, when the sun was pretty high in the sky, probably around ten o’ clock, the king called for us. We could hardly contain ourselves, and hurried to the audience chamber, our hearts dancing in our chests. The Heroes enter. The doors to the audience chamber swung open to reveal a group of twelve strangers, all dressed as though they were about to embark on an adventure of their own. There were knights among them. The king certainly knew how to show his support. We all bowed to the king, and settled in to listen to his proposal. As we discussed yesterday, I have called for others to assist you in your journey. Apparently my call did not go unheeded. If there were three assistants provided to each of us, we might just survive. Now then, gathered adventurers, please choose the Legendary Hero with whom you will travel with. Wait, So THEY got to choose? That came as a shock to all of us. Though when I thought about it, it only made sense. We all came from another world, so what did we know about our journey? Better to let the experienced citizens make the decision. The four of us lined up. The gathered adventures shuffled over in our direction, and formed little clumps before their intended partners. Five people stood before Ren. Four people stood before %char6%. Three people stood before %char5%. And before me? Yeah—zero. But sir! I called to the king. How could this be? It was so unfair!    The king was unnerved by my protest. He spoke, I did not anticipate anything like this. He’s not very popular, is he? The minister sighed, as if there was nothing he could do about it. The king, for his part, seemed disinterested. The men in robes were whispering something to the king, and they all seemed to laugh. But why? So there are rumors? What is it? %char6% asked. He wore a strange expression. The situation was so unfair. I couldn’t make sense of it. It was like being in elementary school, when we’d split into teams. I guess I was the last one picked? How could they do this to me, here, in a completely new world? It seems that people are whispering around the castle. They are saying that among the four Heroes, the Shield Hero does not know very much about our world. What?! The legends say that the four summoned Heroes will have an understanding of our land. People are wondering if you will truly be able to fulfill the conditions set out in the legends. %char6% poked me in the side with his elbow. I guess someone was eavesdropping on us last night. He meant our conversation about games. They were leaving me on my own because I hadn’t heard of a game?! Besides, what kind of a legend was this, anyway? I might not know much about their kingdom, but I was still the Shield Hero! For whatever reason… According to the other guys, I was stuck with the most useless class… but this wasn’t a game to begin with! Ren! You can’t even use five people! Let’s share! The adventures standing around Ren (and men among them) all suddenly huddled behind him, quaking in their boots. They were behaving like terrified little sheep. Ren looked annoyed, and scratched his head, perplexed. Then he said, I’m more of a loner, myself. So if you can’t cut it, I’m leaving you behind. He said it relatively forcefully, but none of the people behind him showed any signs of moving.    %char6%! What do you think of this? Isn’t it horrible?! Well… By the way, I’d like to point out that there was not a single man among the adventurers with %char6%. It looked like he was setting up a brothel or something. Well I don’t want to be biased here… but uh... %char5% looked a little confused but seemed to be saying that he couldn’t exactly refuse the help that he’d been offered. All the adventurers gathered around %char6% were women. I guess he really did have a way with them. It was like some kind of involuntary attraction. I suppose it would be fair to split them evenly, with each of us getting three. But then again, it’s not gentlemanly to deny them once they’ve made their decision. What %char5% said sounded fair enough, and everyone in the room nodded along. You mean I need to go it alone? I was stuck with a shield! THEY were the ones who said it was the worst class! If I don’t have a party to travel with, how was I supposed to get stronger? Sir, if it please you, I could serve with the Shield Hero. One of the women with %char6% raised her hand to volunteer. Hm? Are you sure? Yes. She was cute, and had shoulder-length red hair. Her face was pretty too. She was relatively tall, just a little shorter than me. Are there any others among you that would throw your lot in with Mr. %Name%? …No one moved a muscle. The king sighed heavily. I suppose there is no way around it. Mr. %Name%, you’ll have to recruit others to accompany you while you are traveling. Each month, I will supply all of you with the necessary funds for your journey, though in compensation for today’s events, %Name%’s first payment will be higher than the others. Y…Yes, sir! It seemed like a fair resolution.    If no one wanted to work with me voluntarily, I would have to find people to help me. Now then, Heroes, I have set aside these funds for you. Please accept them. Attendants placed envelopes in front of each of us. I could hear something heavy and metallic rattling inside the packages. A peek inside revealed a rather large money pouch. I have set aside 800 pieces of silver for Mr. %Name%, and 600 pieces for the rest of you. Please take these funds and begin your journey. Yes sir! We all answered in unison. Each of us made our obligatory bow of gratitude before backing out of the audience chamber. Once we were all out of the room, we made our introductions. Um, so it’s nice to meet you, Mr. Shield Hero. My name is %char3% Suphia.     Pleasure. She didn’t seem to be very shy, and she spoke without reservation. With all that was going on, I suppose I forgot to mention that she was the girl who agreed to come with me. I believe in taking care of your friends. Especially considering that, according to everyone I’d met so far, I had been dealt a losing hand. On top of it all, %char3% was a girl, and I was the >Shield Hero. It would be up to me to protect her. Very well then, let’s get going, shall we? Ms. %char3%. She smiled and nodded before following me out of the room. There was a drawbridge strung between the castle and the town. Crossing it, I got my first real view of the town. Granted, I’d gotten a little glimpse of it from the window last night, but standing there now, in the middle of it all, I really started to feel like I’d come to a different world. The cobblestone streets were lined with stone buildings, many of which were furnished with wooden signs. There were delicious smells wafting from many directions at once. What should we do? I think it would be wise to try and get some better equipment and armor. Good idea. With all the money the king gave us, we should be able to get some real quality stuff. The only equipment I had was a shield, so procuring a weapon was of paramount importance. Without one, I wouldn’t stand a chance against any monsters. I wouldn’t even be much use to my teammates without one. Regardless, the other heroes all had weapons that would level up with them. If I didn’t hit the ground running, they’d overtake me in no time. Considering all they’d gone through to summon me here, it didn’t seem right to slack off. And besides, even if I was stuck with a weak class, %char3% had still teamed up with me. I needed to do what I could, for her sake. Well, I know a good store if you’re ready to go. I am.    Great. Weapons are important, but all you really need are friends. %char3% led me down a path to the weapon store she knew. She walked as if she was skipping. We’d been walking away from the castle for a fair amount of time when %char3% finally slowed her pace and stopped before a shop. There was a large sign in the shape of a sword hanging over the wooden door. This is the shop I was talking about. Wow. I stole a glimpse of the interior through the open door. There were weapons of all sorts hanging on the stone walls. It was exactly what you imagine when you think of a weapon shop. It looked like they also stocked armor and other goods necessary for adventuring. Welcome, the owner called out to us amiably. The owner, too, was exactly the sort of guy you picture when you think of a weapon shop. He was leaning on the counter, and the whole scene felt like a painting. I was relieved, as I was fearing a fat, pudgy type of owner. I really was in a whole new world… So this is a weapon shop… I see this is your first time in one. Well, you sure know how to pick ‘em. Actually, my companion here told me about your store. I pointed over at %char3%, in response to which she raised a hand and waved it in greeting. Why, thank you very much… Miss… Hey, haven’t we met somewhere? I’ve been here before, sir. Also, your shop is very well known around here. Well, isn’t that kind of you. By the way, if I may ask, who is this strangely-dressed friend of yours? I guess that only made sense. In this other world, they would think my clothes looked strange. I probably looked like a bumpkin touring the kingdom, or just a crazy person. I think you already know the answer to that, sir. You mean… you’re one of the… the Heroes? Wow! The man began to look me over carefully.    He doesn’t really look that strong. I couldn’t believe my ears! Tell me how you really feel! Geez! But the old guy was right. I really didn’t look like I would do anyone much good. That’s why I needed to get stronger. Listen up, Hero-Boy. If you don’t get yourself some decent equipment, the other adventurers will wipe the floor with you. I suppose… I kind of liked the guy. He seemed honest. Looks like you got the short stick? I felt my face twitch in recognition. How did gossip spread this quickly? Whatever. I shouldn’t admit loss before I even got going. I am the Shield Hero, %Name%. Things might get rough from here on out, so I’ve come for your assistance. It was an aggressive way to introduce myself, but I had to convince myself too. Mr. %Name%was it… Well then, here’s to hoping you become a regular of sorts around here. Let’s see what we can do! He was an amicable guy, to be sure. %char3% walked over and spoke up. Hey, sir, don’t you have any good equipment for my friend here? I’m sure that I do, but how’s your budget looking? Well… %char3% was looking me over in some sort of appraisal. We could probably spend up to 250 pieces. We only had 800 to start with, and we were preparing to spend 250 on equipment. Was that going to leave enough for inns and food, and for recruiting other party members? That much, huh? Well then, you should start looking over here, said the owner, as he walked around the shop and pulled various weapons from their spaces on the wall. Tell me, kid. You have a favorite kind of weapon? Not yet. If so, then I’d recommend a sword that is light enough for beginners. He proceeded to set a number of swords out on the counter. All of these are coated with Blood Clean, so they’re pretty easy to handle. Blood Clean?    Gore and blood on a blade will erode the edge, making upkeep more difficult. These swords don’t have that problem. Wow… I was surprised, but thinking on it for a minute, I realized that even in my own world people spoke of knives losing their edge after cutting through meat. I suppose he meant that these swords would stay sharp for a long time. I stared at the swords for a short time. They were much higher quality than any of the replica swords I’d seen before. They looked like serious weapons. Those are, in order: Iron, Magic Iron, Magic Steel, and Silver Iron. They get more expensive as they go, but the increase in quality is tremendous. Were they hardened to different degrees based on the ore used in their production? It seemed they were all made from iron. There are also weapons of higher quality, but in the 250 range, this is really what you’ve got to pick from. I’d heard of things like this before. It was just like a video game, how the weapon shop in the first town does have very good weapons available. This shop, however, seemed to have a really wide variety. That made it more like an online game. But then again, this WASN’T a game. In the real world, in any real world, the weapon shops in the capitol were sure to have good materials available, right? An iron sword… Hmmm... I took one of them in hand, and, sure enough, it was very heavy. The shield I carried was so light that I took little notice of it, but these weapons had significant heft. I’d have to use them to fight any monsters we encountered… Woah! Suddenly, as if receiving an electric shock, the iron sword I was holding flew out of my hand. Huh? The shop owner and %char3% were both looking at me, and then at the sword where it lay. I reached for the sword again, assuming I’d dropped it. It sat in my hand as if nothing strange had happened at all. Just what was that?    I was wondering what had happened when the pain came shooting back up my arm. Ouch! What was going on? I glared at the owner, thinking he must have been up to something, but he shook his head. I didn’t think that %char3% would want to interfere with me, but just to be safe I looked over at her as well. It looked like it just flew out of your hand. But it couldn’t be… It just couldn’t. I stared at my own palm for a moment. As I did, words began to appear in my periphery. Legendary Weapon specification: a weapon besides the assigned equipment was held, violating the rule. What the hell? I rushed to bring up the help screen and read quickly through the articles there. I found it! The Heroes may not hold a weapon, aside from their assigned Legendary Weapon, with the intent to fight with it. What?! Was that supposed to mean I couldn’t use anything other than a shield in battle? What kind of crappy game only let you fight with a shield? Well, I said, wincing and raising my face to the others. It looks like I’m only allowed to use a shield… But why? Can you let me see that? I held my shield arm out to the shop owner, but that was all I could do, as I was still unable to put the shield down. The old guy whispered something to himself, and a small ball of light shot toward my shield, only to bounce off harmlessly. Well, he said. It certainly looks like a normal Small Shield… but it behaves… Oh, do you know it? I asked. The shield was also called a Small Shield on my status screen, with Legendary Weapon added in parentheses to the side. You see this jewel lodged in the center of the Shield? I feel a great amount of energy emanating from it. I tried looking into it with my    appraisal magic but was unable to glean any information. If it was somehow cursed, I should have known that instantly. He sighed and looked at me, stroking his trademark beard. Well, you’ve certainly shown me something interesting. I guess you’ll be wanting some defensive goods? Yes, please. I’d like to give you what I can for 250, which probably means a suit of armor. Considering I already had a shield, I had to agree with him. The owner pointed to a variety of armor suits that he had around the shop. Full plate armor tends to inhibit your movement, so it’s not wellsuited to adventuring. Regardless, chainmail is better for a beginner, anyway. I reached for a suit of chainmail. It rattled and clinked in my hands. It was a whole shirt made from chains! I guess that was it though. Was that all he had to offer? An icon was flashing at me, and I quickly opened it. Chainmail: raises defensive power Use: slice resistance Size: small Ah hah. No information came up when I touched the swords because I was unable to equip them. How much does this cost? %char3% asked the owner. I’ll give you a discount. You can have it for 120. What could we get for it? Hm… I suppose you could get 100 or so. Why’s that? I was asking because if the Shield Hero outgrows it, we could probably sell it back. I was starting to understand. I was still at level one, so as I leveled up, I would be able to equip better things, meaning this chainmail wouldn’t necessarily be useful for all that long. It looked like the shop had better armor available, but that was about the best I could do at my current level. All right then, we’ll take it    Thank you very much! I’ll throw in some inner-wear to show my gratitude. We said our thanks, passed 120 silver pieces over to him, and received the chainmail. Will you change into that here? Yes. Very well, right over here. He led me to a changing room where I changed into the undershirt and chainmail. He then took my original clothing and packed it away into a sack for me. Hey now! You’re starting to look the part, lad! Thank you. I guess he was trying to say something nice. All right then, Hero. Shall we be off to battle? Right on! I was starting to feel like a real adventurer when %char3% and I left the shop. We made our way back to the castle and entered through the main gate. On our way through, a knight bent his head to me, so I waved back in response. I was feeling good. How exciting! My adventure was finally beginning.       Upon exiting the castle, fields of grass extended in every direction. There was, at least, a cobblestone road meandering over the scenery, but once we left the town, it seemed like the world was nothing but green and green and green. It reminded me of Hokkaido. It struck me as novel and fascinating. I could see both the expanse of the sky and the horizon itself. I figured that running around in giddy excitement would not reflect well on me, considering I was the hero and all, and so I did my best to swallow my emotions. Now then, Hero. This land is filled with rather weak monsters, and battling them should make for very good practice. Good idea. I don’t have any experience with battles and all, so this seems like a good chance. Do your best. Huh? You’re not fighting with me, %char3%? Before I participate, I’d like to get a sense of your ability. Oh? All right then. I suppose it only made sense. She had more experience than I did, and of course she would want to see how strong I was. To start off, I thought I would fight a monster that %char3% thought would be easy enough for me. We poked around in the fields for a little while before spotting something among the grass. It looked like an orange balloon. There’s one now, Hero. We call these ‘Orange Balloons,’ and they are rather easy to defeat. Well that’s a stupid name. There was a severe lack of creativity here. Gah! It let out an angry cry and flashed aggressive eyes at me, confirming its enemy status. And so a creature sort of like those balloons we put in fields to scare away the birds rushed to attack me. You can do it, Hero!    Got it! I needed to look cool in the process, considering %char3% was there and all. I held the shield in my right hand, and made to hit the beast with the pointed tip. Haa! I managed to connect with my hit, but… BOING! My strike bounced back. The thing sure was resilient! And I thought it was just going to pop… The Orange Balloon reared back, bared its fangs, and came at me again. Ah! I heard a clanging sound from where the beast was biting me. Oddly enough, there was no pain or irritation at all. The Orange Balloon continued to bite my arm, but its attack seemed to have no effect. I felt like the shield was emitting some kind of soft, defensive barrier around me. Could that be the true strength of the shield? I silently looked over at %char3%. Do your best, Hero! It seemed like I was unable to either deal or receive damage. AAARRRRGGGHHHH! I pummeled the Orange Balloon with my fists, like some legendary warrior. Five minutes later… Pow! With a soft puff of air, the Orange Balloon popped. Huff… huff… huff… I heard a persistent beep, and saw that my experience meter now read: 1. I guess that meant I’d earned one EXP point. But if it took that long to earn one measly point… I didn’t want to dwell on that for too long. Besides, this was HARD. There was only so much you could do with your bare hands. Nice job, Hero. %char3% was applauding me, but something about it felt hopeless.    Huh? I heard footsteps approaching. I turned around to see Ren jogging with his retinue. I thought about calling out to them, but they looked so serious and focused that I decided not to intrude. Three Orange Balloons appeared in front of Ren. … But. Ren swung his sword in a large arc, and all three enemies burst instantly. One hit?! Come on now, this didn’t seem fair at all! … I was concerned, but %char3% threw her hands up and waved them in my face. It’s fine! All the Heroes have their own ways of fighting. … Thanks. What I gained from the process of fighting the Orange Balloon was that, after being attacked for five minutes and taking no damage, I must have had a significant amount of defense. The Orange Balloon had left behind some battle loot which I picked up. It was the Orange Balloon’s skeleton. Upon touching it, my shield began to beep. When the loot got near the shield, it was enveloped in a soft light and absorbed into the shield’s gem. Orange Balloon acquired. The words flashed before me, and the weapon book icon began to glow. I looked inside and saw a small, orange shield icon. Apparently I hadn’t collected enough, but the Orange Balloon was a necessary item for upgrading the shield. So this is how the Legendary Weapons work? Yes. It seems that to power them up, they need to absorb certain items. I see. By the way, how much could we get for the loot we just scored? Hm… maybe a piece of bronze? How many pieces of bronze are worth a piece of silver?    100. I suppose that was to be expected, considering how easy they were for Ren to defeat. All right %char3%, your turn. I suppose you are right. As she said it two Orange Balloons appeared a short distance away and started coming in our direction. %char3% drew a sword that she’d had at her waist and swung it twice in quick succession. Pow! Pow! The Orange Balloons both burst. Woah… was I really THAT weak? Regardless it was clear that I… or at least my shield, was not going to win me any battles. At this rate, it made more sense to have %char3% fight, and I would handle the defense of our party. Ok then, %char3%, you be the fighter, and I’ll cover defense. Let’s see how far that gets us. Ok, she nodded. We stayed in the fields until the sun started to slant downwards in the sky. We fought any Orange Balloons we came across, and also discovered some Yellow Balloons. If we pressed on a little further, we’d encounter some stronger monsters, but we’d better head back if we want to be in the castle by dark. Well, I kind of wanted to fight a little bit more… Considering I wasn’t taking any damage, and defending against the balloons was so easy, I wanted to keep going. Let’s head back early today, and use the extra time to revisit the weapon shop. If I get some new equipment now, we could go that much further tomorrow. I guess you’re right. It will take a little while longer to level up, so I guess there was no reason not to wrap it up for the day. Also, my shield had absorbed all that it could, so the Orange Balloon loot just remained where it was. Apparently, when I leveled up, my shield would also grow stronger. Anyway, we decided to stop adventuring for the day and began our journey back to Castle Town.       Evening drew near as we reentered the town. We decided to have another look at the weapon shop. Well, if it isn’t my little Shield-Buddy. The other Heroes stopped by too, you know. I guess the shop really was famous. The owner approached us, beaming from ear to ear. Yup. Hey, do you know of a place that would buy this off of us? I showed him the loot from the Orange Balloons, and he responded by thrusting his finger towards the door. There’s a shop set up for buying loot just down the road. I’m sure they’d buy it off you. Thanks. Sure. So why else did you decide to stop by? Oh, well I thought I’d get some equipment for %char3%, my travel companion. I looked over to her as I spoke. She was closely inspecting various weapons around the store. How’s your budget looking? I still had 680 pieces of silver. I wasn’t sure how much of it I should use. What do you think, %char3%? … She was deep in thought, comparing pieces of equipment. It was like she couldn’t even hear me speaking to her. I had no idea what hotels went for around here, but it seemed like I’d better set aside at least a month’s worth of lodging. Well, as for your friend there. Of course, it’s true that you’ll be stronger with better equipment… Right. It looked like there wasn’t much I could do to increase my own attack power, so I had better focus my resources on buying %char3%’s equipment. You might fix the prices on me, so let’s talk them out right now.    Ahaha, this is a tenacious little Hero! 80% off! That’s crazy. 20% up! You’re raising it?! 79% You haven’t even seen the products yet, you fool! Whatever, 90% off! Give me a break, 21% up! You’re not supposed to raise it! 100% off! Like I’d give it to you for free! he snorted. Fine, 5% off. That’s it? 92%… We argued like that for a little while before %char3% came over with a cute piece of armor and an expensive, gold-inlaid sword. Hero, I think these will be sufficient. What do you think, old man? 60% off. I’ll give you a deal, 480 pieces of silver. And that’s at 59% Before %char3% decided on what she wanted, we were actually able to haggle a good arrangement for ourselves. But all we had left was 200 pieces of silver. Would it be enough? %char3%, think you could downgrade a bit? I don’t know how much things cost around here, but I need money to survive on. It will be fine, Hero. With my new equipment, I can make back the money with relative ease. Battle loot will cover it. She batted her eyelashes and leaned her breasts against my arm. It really must be a different world, and what a ROYAL summons it was. I’d never been popular with girls before, and now look at this girl pressing up against me! She might be right. We did need higher attack ability. Well, I guess… 200 pieces of silver. Ren, %char6%, and %char5% all had at least three people with them, so their expenses were sure to be that much higher. Besides, 200 pieces of silver was probably plenty to live on for a month. Regardless, to recruit other people, I’d need to level up and make more money. Fine then, old man. You’ve got yourself a deal. Thanks boy. You seem like quite the Hero already.    Ahaha. What can I say? I enjoy business. Whenever I played online games, I was pretty good at making money. I’d always try to buy things as cheaply as possible at auctions and then resell them for profit. Haggling was easy for me. It came naturally. There was a number you could see, so it always made sense. Thank you, Hero. %char3% looked thrilled. She kissed my hand. Things just kept getting better and better. Tomorrow was sure to be a great adventure. %char3% changed into her new equipment, and the both of us made for an inn. 30 bronze for one person, per night… We’ll need two rooms, said %char3%. Isn’t one room enough? But… %char3% seemed to be playing a waiting game. Uh… fine. Two rooms please. Very well then, if you will. The innkeeper showed us to our rooms, wringing her hands the whole time. I kept our budget in my head the whole time, and we ate dinner in an attached restaurant. Meals were not included, and dinner for one cost us 5 bronze. Just to confirm, the fields we hunted in today were… right here? I’d unrolled a map on the table that I’d bought on our way back to town. The map had a lot of information about the geography of the area. Sure, I could have just asked Ren or %char6%, but considering how they’d acted earlier, they probably would not have told me much. If it meant getting ahead, it seemed like there was nothing they wouldn’t do. Since I knew so little about the place, I had to do what I could to avoid being led into a powerful monster’s lair. To that end, I unfurled the map. Yes, that’s where we were. Based on what the other heroes said, once we leave the fields, we enter the forest, right? Is that the next training ground? The map was really helping me get an idea for the geography of the place.    Basically, the castle stood in the center, and was surrounded by fields. There were roads leading to the woods, the mountains, and another road that led to a river, and another that led to a remote village. The map was pretty small though, so I wasn’t able to make out much about the neighboring villages. I wasn’t able to see what lay on the other side of the forest, but if I didn’t try to pick an appropriate path to stronger monsters, we’d never level up. Well, you can’t see it on this map, but I was thinking of heading to a village on the other side of the forest. It’s called Lafan. You don’t say… On the outskirts of town, there’s a dungeon suited to beginners. A dungeon… This whole thing was like a dream! Online games normally just started off with hunting monsters and leveling up. But a dungeon! We might not make much money there, but it would be a great place to level up. I see. I have new equipment. While we will depend on your defense, it should not be too difficult for us. Awesome. I’ll consider it. Oh, no problem at all. Oh, hey, don’t you drink wine? The restaurant had given us wine with our meals, but I had yet to touch mine. Nah, I don’t really like alcohol. It’s not that I can’t drink. It’s sort of the opposite. I never really end up drunk, so I guess I have a high tolerance. Whenever I went to social events in college, I’d drink with other people. I’d see them all end up drunk— which never happened to me. I ended up developing a distaste for the stuff. Is that so? You could just have one glass? No thanks. I really don’t like it. But… No thanks. Oh… All right then. She looked upset as she retracted the glass of wine.    At least we were able to get a plan together for tomorrow. Let’s get to bed early tonight. Sure. See you tomorrow. We finished eating, and I turned my back on the loud restaurant to go to my room. I remembered my chainmail. I’d have to take it off if I wanted to get any sleep. I slipped out of it and flung it over the back of a chair. … I then put my money pouch on the bedside table. 200 pieces of silver… and we had to pay up-front for the rooms, leaving me with just over 199 pieces. I felt a little anxious about my finances, but I suppose that had always been my way. Just like a typical Japanese person going traveling, I took 30 silver pieces and hid them on the backside of my shield. That settled my anxiety, if only just a little. It had been a busy day. Now I knew how it felt to battle, and defeat, a monster. I’d felt it yesterday as well, but I really was in another world. I was so excited. It was hard to calm down. The curtain was rising on a new, shining adventure. I might be a little behind the others, but there was a path just for me. I had no specific goal in mind. I could do whatever I wanted. I was suddenly very sleepy. I could hear the sounds of revelry coming from the restaurant. Some people, they looked almost like %char6% and %char5%, were talking down the hall. I thought I saw them walk by my doorway. I wonder if they were staying here too? I reached out and extinguished my lamp. It was still a little early, but I wanted to get some rest… Rattle, rattle. Hmmm? What was that? People yelling at the bar? Snore. Whisper, whisper… Something was pulling at my clothes. Heh, heh, men are fools. So easily tricked… Can’t wait until tomorrow. Who was that? Was it… a dream?    Hm? It was so cold… The sun was on my face, telling me it was morning already. I rubbed the sleep from my eyes, still very groggy. I rose from bed and went to the window. I guess I’d slept later than I’d intended. The sun was already high in the sky. It must have been somewhere around nine. What? I suddenly realized I was only wearing my underclothes. Had I slipped out of my clothes in the night? Whatever. I looked out on the town. People were running around in the streets, bustling about just like any other day. There were merchants selling their wares, shops cooking up breakfasts, and horse-drawn carriages clattering down the road. It really felt like a dream. This new world was so wonderful. I noticed different kinds of carriages on the streets. There were big birds, like ostriches. They looked just like cho**bos, you know, from THAT game. It seemed like horses denoted a higher class than the birds. And I even saw some carriages being pulled by cows. I’d better get some food in my belly and be off. I looked around for my clothes. I looked through the bedding. … That’s odd, I couldn’t find them. The chainmail I’d placed on the chair… It was gone too. And my money pouch was gone too! Even my original clothing that I’d set aside was gone! What the… Could it be true?! Had I been robbed? Who would steal from a sleeping person?! This inn… couldn’t they take some basic security measures?! Anyway, I’d better find %char3%. And quick. Slam! I flung open the door and ran to %char3%’s room, which was next to mine. I banged heavily on her door. %char3%! It’s terrible! Our money and equipment has been… Bang, bang, bang!    No matter how hard I knocked, no sounds came from within. I heard footsteps approaching quickly. I turned. Castle knights were running up to me. They were a veritable light in the darkness. I would tell them about the robbery and enlist their aid in finding the thief! Besides, what kind of an idiot would steal from a hero? You’re knights from the castle, aren’t you? Please, listen to me for a second! I turned to them and begged for their attention. %char3%, come on out already. This situation is getting worse by the second! You are the Shield Hero, yes? Well, yes, but… What the hell? They sounded oddly aggressive. The king has summoned you. You will come with us. He’s summoned me? Okay, whatever. But before that, I’ve been robbed! We need to catch the… You WILL come with us. NOW. One of them grabbed my collar and pulled me forcefully. That HURTS! Listen to me! But they held my arms tightly and pulled me along with them. I was basically in my underwear. There was no dignity in this! Why was I being treated this way? %char3%! Please hurry! But the knights would not listen. We left %char3% in her room, and they dragged me back to the castle. The carriages I’d seen before were apparently prepared to bring me back to the castle. And so, without ever understanding why, I came to be seen as a criminal by the town.       They dragged me down the street, and soon enough we arrived at the gate to the castle. I was still in my underwear. The knights kept their spears trained on me as they led me to the audience chamber. The king and his retainer were there, both looking very grave. And then… %char3%! Ren, %char6%, %char5%, and the rest of their parties were also there. When I called out to her, %char3% ran behind %char6% and made dagger eyes at me from behind his back. What the hell, %char3%? Everyone was glaring at me like I was some sort of criminal. You mean you really don’t remember? %char6% stepped forward and interrogated me. What were they talking about? What do you mean? Remember what… HEY! %char6% was wearing my chainmail. So it was you… you thief! Who’s a thief? I didn’t know you were such a scoundrel! A scoundrel? What are you talking about? With my outburst, I realized that the audience chambers were beginning to feel rather like a courtroom. We will now hear the charges against the Shield Hero. Charges? But… but I! Sob… sob… The Shield Hero drank too much, and he came bursting into my room. Then he… He held me down, and… What? He held me down and said, ‘The night is still young, Baby.’ Then he started to rip my clothes off… %char3% was sniveling behind %char6%, and she pointed a shaky finger in my direction as she spoke. I screamed as loud as I could and ran from the room. That’s when I found Mr. %char6%, and he saved me. Huh?    What was she talking about? Last night, right after me and %char3% split paths, I’d gone straight to sleep. That was why I didn’t remember anything. I felt bad, watching her cry. But I was too confused to make sense of what was going on. What are you talking about? I went to bed right after we finished eating! Liar! If that were true, why would %char3% be crying like this? Why are you speaking for her? And just where did you get that shinynew chainmail of yours? They’d all just met yesterday, right? Last night I went to the bar for a drink. I was sitting there, alone, when %char3% came running over. We had a couple drinks together, and she gave me this chainmail. She said it was a present. Say what? I could tell that it was my chainmail. Granted, %char3% could have had her own chainmail and given it to %char6%. But it seemed suspicious, at the very least, considering that my own chainmail had gone missing at the same time. Talking to %char6% would get me nowhere. I decided to speak to the king, directly. That’s it! Your Highness! I’ve been robbed! My money, clothes, equipment—everything but my shield has been stolen! Please bring the person who did this to justice! Silence, Scoundrel! The king ignored my plea. Any act of sexual aggression committed against the people of my kingdom, whether by barbarian or Hero, will be punished—immediately— by death! But this is all a mistake! I didn’t do it! I had an inkling the first time I saw you. Of course you would sully yourself, you little wretch! Wretch?! What did I do? Of course things turned out this way. I felt it immediately, that you were a little different from the rest of us.    Me too. Even at that though, I never thought you’d stoop so low. You must think you’re somehow entitled to whatever you want! This isn’t all about you! Show some respect! All of them were already assuming that I was guilty. I felt my blood rising hot up my neck. What the hell was going on? What the hell? What the hell? I didn’t even know what they were saying! I never did these things! Why was I being punished? I looked over at %char3% in desperation. Apparently she thought that no one else could see her, because she stuck out her tongue and mocked me. Then I understood what was happening. I glared at %char6%. I could feel hate, black and hard, churning in my guts. I jabbed my finger in his direction, and found my own voice booming out over the room, louder than I ever expected myself to sound. You! You had your eyes on my money and equipment, and so you made all this up to get your hands on my stuff! Who would believe the words of a rapist? %char6% stepped forward, hiding %char3% from my view, and stuck out his chest. He was playing the role of the brave hero, protecting a defenseless and victimized woman. Liar! You had your eyes on my money and equipment from the start! You and your little friends had a meeting about it, didn’t you! Here’s what happened: %char6% had whispered all of it to her when we first met at the castle. He told her I was a weak class, sure to lose. She convinced me to buy her good equipment. After she got what she wanted, she’d steal the remaining money and equipment, and run to the castle as a victim in an invented story. They’d have me killed off, and then they’d get away with everything. … That was their plan. Besides! %char3% always called me, Hero, but she’d called %char6% by his name. If that wasn’t proof enough, I didn’t know what was. In this world, I guess one hero was enough. You come to another world and treat your companions this way? You’re trash. I agree. It’s very difficult to sympathize with him.    So Ren and %char5% had no qualms with throwing their lots in with %char6%. Of course… They had all been in cahoots from the beginning. The Shield Hero was weak, so they wanted to get rid of me, and increase their own standing in the process. They were disgusting. Could they be any worse? Thinking back on it, it seemed like no one, not even the people from this world had shown any desire to trust me. But why? Why should I have to fight to defend the rats? I hoped the whole place burned to the ground, the whole damn world. … Fine. I don’t care. Just send me back to my world, and call yourself a new Shield Hero. That’ll do it, right? Another world? Ha! What a joke. Why did I have to spend my time in such crappy place?     Things don’t go your way, so you decide to turn tail and run away? How weak. I agree. You have no sense of responsibility or justice. You ignore the task you’ve been entrusted with, only to attack a poor girl… Just terrible… Get out of here then! Go back home! We don’t need people like you here! I was glaring at Ren, %char5%, and %char6% as if I could kill them with my eyes. This was SUPPOSED to be FUN. But they had ruined it all. All right already! Send me home! The king simply crossed his arms and frowned. I would very much like to send you home, but the waves of destruction will not allow it. New Heroes can only be summoned once the original four have all died. This is what the researchers say. Wh…What? But… That’s… you’re kidding, right? Finally, the three of them seemed surprised by something. There was no way to send us home? You mean we can’t go home? Give me a break. When were you planning on telling us that?! I broke free from the knights and their spears. Plan on running, eh?! I’m not running. One of the knights hit me. It made a good sound, his fist. But it didn’t hurt. It didn’t even irritate me. The knight, rather, seemed to have hurt his fist. He was cradling it like a baby bird as he stepped away from me. Well? What’s it going to be, Your Majesty? What’s my punishment? I swung my arms to get the blood flowing again. At the current moment, you are our only defense against the coming waves, and therefore will not be punished. However, your crimes are already well known to the people. That will be your punishment. I doubt very much that you will find work or help in our country.    Ah, thank you so much! So I was to level up and fight back the waves of destruction. We will summon you in another month, when the waves approach. You may be a criminal, but you are still the Shield Hero. Do not shirk your responsibilities. Got it! I’m weak, is that it? Better hurry up! Clink… Ah, yes. I remembered the stash I had hidden in the back of my shield. Check it out! This is what you wanted, isn’t it? I removed it from its spot. It was the last 30 pieces of silver I had. I threw it forcefully at %char6%. What the? What are you doing?! I didn’t expect him to deride me for filling his pockets further. I left the castle through its gate, and as I made my way down the street, the crowds on either side of me pointed as they whispered among themselves. Gossip moved fast here. Better be careful what I say, and to whom. The whole world looked awful to me then. Hideous. And so I lost respect, trust, and my money. Just as my adventure began, I lost it all.       A week went by. I stayed relatively close to the castle. Hey there, Shield-Guy. Huh?! It was the owner of the weapon shop. I’d been walking around town in my underclothes, and he called me over when he saw me. Granted, I’d been passing right by his shop, but what could he have wanted? I heard that you tried to take advantage of your friend. Come over here and let me give you a hard smack. It was like he had no intention of listening to me in the first place. Hatred was on his face, and his hand was curled into a tight fist. You too?! No one wanted to listen to me. No one believed me. Granted, I was from another world, and the common sensibilities of this land were a mystery to me. But even then, I was not the type of person to force myself on a woman. No way! Ugh…it was making me sick. Even the owner of the weapon shop started to look like her. I could probably kill him with a well-placed punch. My hand was also curled into a fist. I glared at him. … You… What? Weren’t you gonna hit me or something? His hand relaxed, and he didn’t seem as on-edge. Uh… well, never mind. Gee, thanks a bunch. Right then, even though I was weak, I thought I could punch everyone I met. But I stopped myself. What good would that do? I needed to focus on leveling up, and on making some money. If I focused my anger on the balloons, it would at least do me some good. Wait just a second! What?!    I was standing at the town gate, ready to leave for the fields, when the weapon shop guy called out to me again. I turned to him, and he tossed a small bag in my direction. You’ll never make it dressed like that. At least take this. I looked inside the bag. It contained a sooty cape, and some cheap clothes. How much are these worth? Somewhere around 5 bronze pieces. I just had them in the back. Got it. I’ll bring you your money soon enough. Honestly, I was starting to worry about going around in my underwear. I’ll be waiting for that money. Sure you will. I flung the cape over my shoulders, changed into the clothes, and made for the fields. I decided to base myself out in those fields, and to hunt balloons. Arrrrgggghhhh! It took about 5 minutes to kill one of them, but they weren’t able to hurt me, so all it took was time. I spent most of the day fighting, and was able to secure a substantial amount of balloon skins. Level up! You are now level 2 Orange Shield: conditions met Yellow Shield: conditions met I spent the rest of the day carefully reading up on my preparations. Just as the sun was going down, I realized that I was hungry. I trudged back to the gate and made for the shop I’d been told would buy my battle loot. A portly man stood behind the counter. He was laughing heartily as he looked me over. He was going to turn me away. I could tell. There was another customer there also, already selling loot, among which I spotted some balloon skins. Yes, yes. How about one bronze piece for two of these skins?    They were deciding on a price for the balloon skins. So, only one piece of bronze for two of them… Please. Thank you very much. The customer left, leaving me alone in the shop. Hey, I brought you some of my battle loot. I hope you’ll buy it from me. Heh, heh. Welcome! Welcome! Did he think I couldn’t hear the giggling that followed all of his sentences? So you’ve got some balloon skins, huh? How about one bronze piece for ten of ‘em? A fifth the price?! He was looking at his feet the whole time! Didn’t you just offer that customer one piece for two skins? Did I? I can’t seem to remember… He went on for a few minutes, making various excuses about his stock. Fine then, I said, grabbing him by the collar and pulling him close. What are you doing?! Buy this stuff off me too. He’s still alive, and a real kicker. I had an orange balloon hidden under my cape, where it was fruitlessly biting my shoulder. I removed him and put him right in the shop owner’s face, where he promptly bit down on the man’s nose. AHHHHHHHHH! He started screaming, and rolling around on the floor. I pulled the balloon off of him, and pulled him up by the collar. Should I take these little things back to the fields where I got them, or do you want to buy them off of me? I pulled back my cape to reveal five additional orange balloons. I’d realized that their attacks didn’t hurt me, so I was able to carry them around, and use them against others, if I chose to do so. It was an ingenious strategy, if I do say so myself. It would help with my negotiations. Besides, I had no attack power, so I wasn’t able to threaten anyone without them. Surely, the man would understand. Surely, he knew that if I left the balloons there, they’d eat the guy down to his bones.    I’m not asking for much, just a fair price. Our talks start with the market price. But the country will… Look, what do you think will happen to a merchant who tries to cheat a hero out of his fair share? Exactly. Merchants had to rely on the trust they’d gained. If he had tried to pull something like this on any other adventurer, he’d have gotten a swift kick in the teeth for sure. And hey, there was always the chance that his customers would stop showing up altogether. Ugh… But, it doesn’t have to go that way. If you’ll buy from me consistently, I’ll sell to you for just under the market price. Honestly, I’d like to refuse, but there’s no sin in business. So the guy just never gave up, but in the end I was able to convince him to buy my loot at just under market price. Feel free to tell others about me. Tell them I’ll punish other sneaky merchants with my balloons. Sure, whatever. You’re quite the customer, aren’t you? I took the money for my loot, went back to the weapon shop, paid the owner for his clothes, and finally went to a restaurant to get some dinner. The food, however, tasted like nothing. It was like eating unflavored gum. At first I thought someone was pulling a trick on me, but soon enough I realized the problem lay with me. Where would I stay? I had no money, so I slept in the fields. The balloons weren’t capable of hurting me, so there was no real problem. When I woke in the morning, I was covered in balloons. It was something like a Tibetan Sky Burial. It didn’t hurt though, and I used them to burn off some stress, popping them one by one. I was already filling my pockets, and I’d just woken up! Just then, I came up with an idea. I could make money without having to kill these things all day. The first thing to do was to find some loot, besides the balloon skins, that I could sell for a profit. There were grasses in the field that had medicinal value, and I’d seen an apothecary in town, and I am pretty sure I could sell off the grasses if I picked them.    I walked around the fields, picking grasses as I found them. Suddenly, my shield began to react. It absorbed the grasses as I picked them. Leaf Shield: conditions met That reminded me, I hadn’t looked at the weapon book recently. I opened it, and focused on the flashing shield icon. Small Shield: ability unlocked: defense 3 Orange Small Shield: ability locked: equip bonus: defense 2 Yellow Shield: ability locked: equip bonus: defense 2 Leaf Shield: ability locked: equip bonus: absorption ability 1 I decided to look into the help menus. Weapon Leveling Up and Unlocking Abilities: Weapon leveling up means that your currently equipped Legendary Weapon will change form. If you hold the weapon in hand, and picture what you wish it to become, the weapon will change into the desired form. The weapon ability refers to abilities that can be unlocked simply by using the equipped weapon. Once unlocked the equip bonus will last forever. Equip Bonus: Equip bonuses are special abilities that can be used while your weapon is equipped. So if a weapon has unlocked the Air Strike Bash ability, that ability can be used as long as that weapon is equipped. If a weapon has an Equip bonus of attack up 3, the user’s attack stat will increase by 3 while the weapon is equipped.    I got it. So as long as the abilities were unlocked, you could use them even when you have a different weapon equipped. The experience was something you earned, and slowly collected while you battled enemies and leveled up your equipment. The world really was like a video game. Despite being a little annoyed by the whole process, I did find the equip bonus of the Leaf Shield attractive. Absorption ability up 1. It must mean that I would receive some kind of bonus when collecting items. At the moment, I had no money. What that meant is that I needed to find the best products to sell, for the least amount of effort. I quickly changed my shield into the Leaf Shield. There was a sudden rush of wind, and suddenly my shield had changed in my hand. It was green now, and appeared to be fashioned directly from leaves. My defense stat didn’t drop at all. Apparently my original Small Shield was as weak as they come. Now to test my theory; I reached for a clump of grass. Blip! A positive sound rang out, and the clump of grass tore free easily. The clump of grass glowed with a faint light. Absorption up 1 Aelo: quality: fair to excellent: medicinal herb for treating wounds An icon describing the change appeared. Well, it was nice to get such an immediate explanation. I spent the remainder of the day walking around, mechanically picking grass and filling my bag. Also, and I don’t know if it was because I had been collecting grass all day or just because time had passed since I switched shields, the Leaf Shield equip bonus was unlocked. The rest of my Small Shields also had the equip abilities unlocked. I made my way back to town and decided to try and sell my herbs.    These are in excellent shape. Where did you get them? In the fields around the town. Didn’t you know it grew here? I did, but I’ve never seen such high-quality stuff around. I thought only junk grew out there. We chatted for a little bit, and eventually he bought the grass off of me. My stash was worth one piece of silver and 50 pieces of bronze… which was much better than I had done so far. It was a new record. I had a cheap dinner at a restaurant. As I was eating, a few people stopped by to ask if I would join their party. Unfortunately they all looked… disreputable. I soon came to find their intrusions annoying. Ever since that day, all the food I ate tasted like nothing. I’ll join YOUR party, Shield Hero, said some guy, who clearly thought a lot of himself. Honestly, I didn’t like the idea of joining up with anyone at that point. Besides, they all had this look in their eyes that reminded me of her. Just looking at them made me angry. Fine. First let’s go over the employment conditions. M’kay. Stay calm, stay calm. If you back down now, these guys will follow you everywhere you go. All right, employment will be based on your performance. Do you understand? Nah-uh. Jeez, I could punch the crap out of these guys. It means that, as we are out adventuring, we collect a certain amount of loot, yes? So let’s say we earned 100 pieces of silver, I will take a plurality of it, which is at least 40% and divide up the remainder among you according to your performance. If it were just you and I, we would split the remainder. If you were just standing around all day, you don’t get anything. The amount you receive depends on my judgment of the matter. What the hell! That means you can just take however much you want, right? See what the people were like in this country? But if you do your part, you’ll get paid. Get it? You got to do your part. All right, fine then. That’s all good. Let’s go buy some equipment.    You buy your own equipment. I don’t see why I need to take care of you all that much. Take care of yourself. Pfft. Exactly what I expected. Even if I did buy his equipment, he would probably just slack off the whole time. In the end he’d run off, leave me in a tight spot, and sell his equipment for a profit. The gall of these dirty men. They were just like her. Fine then. Just give me some money. Hey, what’s a balloon doing here?! I had taken a balloon from my cape and let it bite the man’s face. Ouch! Ahhh! People threw a fit. I had brought balloons into the restaurant, but what did I care? I pulled the balloon off of the screaming man, put money on the table for my meal and left. Were there no good people in this world? They all looked like rotten cannibals to me. Anyway, I kept this pattern up for a few days, and finally started to save a little money.       One… Two… Three… I worked like this for two weeks and managed to save up 40 pieces of silver, which means that I finally made back what I’d thrown to %char6% the day he betrayed me, plus a little extra. Something about it all felt hopeless. I mean, my attack power severely limited the places I could visit. I didn’t get hurt or anything, but one time I did try visiting the forest. I think it was a Red Balloon. I was attacking it with my bare hands, and it was hitting back. I must have pummeled the thing for 30 minutes or more, but it showed no signs of weakening. It ruined my mood, and I left the forest with my head hung low. It meant that I couldn’t actually leave the fields, and therefore was forced to do my leveling up there, which I did for two weeks. I eventually reached level 4. I wonder what level the other heroes had reached. I don’t want to think about it. There was still a Red Balloon chewing on my arm. It just kept going and going, like it could saw through the bone or something. I’d gone to the forest a whole week prior. I must have leveled up since then. I tried hitting the balloon. Clang! Sigh… My attack was still too low. If my attack is low, I can’t hunt monsters. If I can’t hunt monsters, I can’t get EXP points. If I can’t get EXP points, I can’t raise my attack. Dammit! There was no end in sight. I was walking down an alleyway, behind the restaurant. It led to the fields. But that day was to be different from the rest. You seem troubled, sir. Huh?    A strange man called to me from the alley. He was in a silk hat and coattails. He was a strange gentleman by any measure: absurdly obese and furnished with polished glasses. He didn’t seem to fit the world, which was much more like the Middle Ages. So he stuck out dramatically from his surroundings. Deciding it wise to ignore him, I hurried on past. You need people. I stopped in my tracks. He knew exactly what to say to get me to stop. That’s why you can’t hunt stronger monsters. Everything he said annoyed me. I’m not sure what that has to do with you. If I helped with recruitment, you might still stand a chance. I didn’t have the funds, or the desire, to hire a greedy capitalist. Party members? Ahaha, no. I will provide you with something far more useful. For example? The man slid over in my direction. Interested? Don’t stand so close, you creep. Ahaha. I like you, kid. Fine then, I’ll tell you. The gentleman puffed out his chest, looking very important-like, spun his walking stick, and pontificated, A SLAVE! A slave? Yes, a slave. A slave… what was that again? I hear they used to exist in the real world, but now they showed up from time to time in games and manga (like the kind where someone gets summoned to another world). To put it bluntly, it meant that you could own other people, much like someone might own furniture, and you could force them to do physical labor for you. I sort of pictured them as being whipped. Anyway, slaves were living things. Did this mean that slaves were bought and sold here? They do not lie, and they do not betray their masters. Hmm… Slaves are under a powerful curse. If they contradict or betray their masters, they must pay with their very lives. Hmmm…    Now the story was getting interesting. If they disobey, they die. In some ways, that was exactly what I was looking for: someone who wouldn’t use me, and someone that didn’t have any funny ideas. My attack was too weak. I needed someone to help me. But people betray you, so I couldn’t afford to pay them. I couldn’t get anyone to help me. But a slave wouldn’t betray me because betrayal meant death. What do you think? I’ll hear you out. He smiled. Right this way, sir. He led me down a back alley, and pretty soon I noticed an alarming number of scruffy, dangerous-looking people. The air was filled with aggressive shouts and the sound of fragile things breaking. More than anything, it smelled terrible. Apparently this world had a bad side too. It was sometime around noon, but there was no light where we were. We turned a corner, and there, at the end of the alley, was something like a circus tent. Right this way, sir. Uh huh… The slave trader walked with a creepy air about him. It was something like skipping, but he spent more time in the air. He led me towards the tent, and pulled back the flap. Let’s get this out of the way up front. If you’re tricking me… Ah, yes… your balloon punishments are quite infamous around town. You’ll cause a ruckus and then run off, eh? So people were starting to talk about me. Fine. It was a good way to punish groups of bad people, and I shouldn’t be surprised that it made me famous. To be fair, there were those that wanted a Hero, like yourself, as a slave for themselves. I had originally approached you with that goal in mind, but since then I’ve had a change of heart. Excuse me? Well, you have all the qualifications of an excellent client. ALL the qualifications: both good and bad.    What do you mean? I wonder. What DO I mean? The guy was slippery. What did he want from me? There was a metallic clank, and then a very heavy-looking door swung open. Woah… The interior was dim, and the smell of rot hung faintly in the air. I also smelled animals. It didn’t seem to be a very nice place. There were a number of cages in the room, and human-like shapes moved within them. Now then, this one, right over here, I can recommend very highly to you. I moved closer to the cage he indicated and looked inside. Guoooow… Gah! That’s not a human! Inside was something… something covered in thick hair, with sharp fangs and claws. To sum it up simply, it looked something like a werewolf, and it was howling just like you’d imagine. It is a beast-man. Here, we consider them, in most respects, people. A beast-man? I recognized the idea, as beast-men characters appeared often enough in fantasy games. I realize that I’m a hero and all, but I still don’t know all that much about this place. Can you tell me a little more about it, please? Unlike the other heroes, I didn’t really know anything about this place. I didn’t even know what I was supposed to know. When I was walking around town I noticed some people, occasionally, with dog ears, or cat-like ears perched on their heads. Every time I saw them, I’d realize that I really was in a fantasy world. But there didn’t seem to be very many of them. The Melromarc Kingdom tends to consider humans as higher order creatures than these other types. It can be a tough place for beast-men and demi-humans to live. Huh… Sure enough, I saw demi-humans and beast-men around town, but, just like the slave trader was saying, they were normally adventurers or    traveling merchants. So it sounds like they were discriminated against, and were only able to obtain lower-level work. Ok, fine. But what exactly are these demi-humans and beast-men? Demi-humans look just like humans from the outside, but they have some differences on the inside. They are considered a type of human. Beastmen are technically a type of demi-human, the sort whose beast-like characteristics are particularly powerful. Gotcha. So they are in the same category. That’s right. And because the demi-humans are, at least in this country, considered to be one step away from monsters, it’s hard for them to live here, and they often end up sold into slavery. I guess every world has its dark side. And because they weren’t technically humans, they were perfectly suited for slavery here. So yes, and these slaves have this particular feature… The slave trader snapped his fingers loudly. When he did so, a magical aura appeared around his arm, and at the same time, some shape on the chest of the werewolf began to glow. Arrrgggh! Awooo! Awooo! The werewolf began howling in pain, as if something was restricting its chest. The slave trader snapped his fingers again, and the glowing shape on the wolf’s chest slowly faded away. … Punishment is as simple as a snap of your fingers. How convenient, I whispered, my eyes on the werewolf, now sprawled, face up, on the floor of its cage. Can I do it too? Naturally. It can even be arranged so that a snap of the fingers is not necessary. It can be worked right into your Status Magic. Huh… It did seem very convenient. However, a ceremony is necessary. The owner’s information must be shared with and absorbed by the slave. So that the slave can always understand the owner’s intention? You have a very good head on your shoulders. The slave trader flashed a sinister smile. He made me uncomfortable. Sounds fine to me. How much does this one cost?    Well you must understand how useful a beast-man is in a fight. Naturally this affects the price. No doubt, gossip concerning my finances had reached the guy’s ears. He could say whatever he wanted. I wasn’t going to start throwing money around. Think about it: He knew I was in trouble, and he approached me. There was a good chance he was going to try and swindle me. How about 15 gold pieces? I don’t know anything about the market price, but I assume you’re giving me a good deal? One gold piece was apparently worth around 100 pieces of silver. There was a reason the king provided our funds in silver, not gold. The gold pieces were worth so much that they were very difficult to exchange. It was much easier to buy and sell in silver, and so the vast majority of commerce in the town used silver, not gold. Of course. … The slave trader met my silence with a deep smile. You know that I can’t afford that, so you started with the most expensive one, right? Yes, well, I can tell you are going to be a great customer regardless. I would be a poor business man if I didn’t start with our best wares. This guy was slimy. For your own information, please take a look at this slave’s information He held out a small crystal to me. I noticed a flashing icon, and soon enough words appeared before my eyes. Battle Slave: LV 75 Race: Wolfman It went on at some length about the slave’s various skills. Level 75… That was nearly 20 times my own level. If this guy were on my team, my life would be so much easier. I might end up stronger than the other heroes. I had no way to know if that justified the price though.    He didn’t really look very healthy anyway, and he might end up getting in my way. I wonder if that was why the price was so low? He used to fight in the Coliseum. He hurt his leg though, so they were going to dispose of him. That’s when I stepped in and bought him. You don’t say… So it was damaged goods. His level didn’t really matter then. Now then, I’ve shown you my best. Tell me, sir, what kind of slave you are interested in? A cheap one, that isn’t broken We have slaves specialized for battle or for physical labor. Or, if my intuition proves correct… I didn’t do it! Heh, heh, heh, yes, well… I’m not concerned one way or the other. But which type is your preference? This is crazy. Anything but a sex slave, please. Heh… I guess the rumors were false? … I didn’t do it. Yeah, I could say whatever I want. I didn’t do it. What I needed was someone that could attack monsters for me. That’s it. If they were good for something else, that didn’t matter. If I could survive the night, and the next day… that was enough. Do you have a preferred gender? I think a man would be better, but I don’t really care. The slave trader scratched at his chin. I know of one, but they wouldn’t be so good for your… personal pleasures. I don’t care about that. The level isn’t very high. If they can fight, we’ll level up together. Good answer… even though you don’t trust people. Slaves aren’t people, are they? If I’m leveling up an object, it’s just like leveling up my shield. I’ll raise something that won’t betray me. You got me there, he said, suppressing a giggle. Right this way then. We walked through the shop, which was lined on both sides with long rows of cages. Eventually the shouts and smells died down, and we entered a quieter area of the shop.    … Or so I thought. Soon the room was filled with the sound of crying children. I looked around and saw cages filled with children and older demihumans. They looked miserable. The slave trader continued to lead me along until he suddenly came to a stop. This is the cheapest slave I can offer you today, sir. He was pointing to a group of three cages. The first had a man inside, though he also had the ears of a rabbit, and one of his arms was twisted in an odd direction. He looked to be somewhere around twenty years old. He looked like the dictionary definition of a slave. The next held a girl of around ten. She was unbelievably skinny, and her eyes looked terrified. She was coughing. She also had dog-like ears that were tied up around her head. She appeared to have a large, round tail as well. The third cage held a lizard man whose eyes darted about the room violently as if he was just looking for someone to kill. He did seem more like a man than a lizard though. From the right they are: a rabbit-type with a genetic disorder, a raccoon-type suffering from panic attacks, and a mixed breed, the lizard man. So the last one was a mixed breed. They all seem to have severe issues. These are all I can offer you in your range. If we lower the bar even more then… Well… The slave trader glanced quickly to the back wall. I followed his gaze. You could tell, even from far away, the smell of death. That smell in the air at a funeral, it was strong, and it was coming from that direction. It also smelled like rot. I felt like I’d get sick just looking in the direction. How much are we talking? From the right, 25, 30, and 40 pieces of silver. Hmm. What are their levels? 5, 1, and 8. If I wanted a strong fighter, the lizard man was the best option. If I was worried about the price, then the rabbit with the genetic disease was the best option. All of them looked very skinny.    The rabbit man had a useless arm, but the rest of him looked just fine. And they all looked miserable… but so did all the other slaves in the tent.     Why are they all so quiet? Because they are punished when they make noise. Makes sense. So he was he showing me slaves that were well trained, or slaves that couldn’t be trained? The lizard man looked like he might be good in a fight, but the other ones probably wouldn’t be. Why’s the middle one so cheap? She was skinny and scared, but she looked like a relatively normal little girl. Her face wasn’t good or bad, just normal. Raccoon-types aren’t popular with humans. Now, if she were a foxtype, I’d be able to get a good price for her. Huh… Raccoons were, if you translated it, like tanuki. Even at that, she looked so human you’d think they could get a good price for her. But if raccoons weren’t popular, then she probably wouldn’t be worth much as a slave. She has panic attacks in the night. It’s a lot of work to look after her.  And this is the best you have in stock? You really hit where it hurts. She wouldn’t be good for hard work, and she had the lowest level. Was this a good thing? I wasn’t sure. I caught the eye of the raccoon-girl. And I realized, looking into her eyes, how I felt. Yes. This thing was a woman, the same gender as that one that betrayed me. I looked into her scared eyes and immediately thought that I wanted to control her. I thought I could just pretend that I’d turned %char3% into a slave… If she died, it might make me feel better. All right then, I’ll take the middle one. An excellent choice, and it makes my life easier too. The slave trader produced a key and opened her cage. She stepped out, and he put a collar around her neck. She let out a yelp. I looked at her, quivering in fear, and felt a wave of satisfaction wash over me. I imagined that other woman quivering in fear, just like this, and it made me feel great.    The slave trader took the girl, her collar attached to a chain, and pulled her behind us as we returned to the street we came from. We exited the circus tent and were in the alley again. He called for some people who appeared immediately. They were carrying a jar that appeared to be full of ink. They transferred a little ink to small dish and pushed it in my direction. Hero, please give us a little blood. Then the slave registration will be complete, and she will be yours. I see. I pressed a pen-knife into the end of my finger. As I did so, I felt my shield react, but I wasn’t being attacked, so it didn’t stop me from drawing blood. Apparently it behaved differently outside of battle. I waited for the blood to well up, and then let a few drops drip into the small dish. One of the men dipped his brush into the liquid and then pulled back the girl’s cloak to paint the magic onto her chest. Gahhhh! AAHHHH! The pattern on her chest began to glow, and I suddenly noticed a flashing status icon in my field of vision. Slave acquired: conditions of use as follows: A window opened, and it was filled with conditions. I quickly skimmed through them. Attacking me in my sleep, or any other action that entailed the refutation of my will, would be punished immediately with pain. Also, a party member icon appeared outside of the slave menu, so I looked into that. Slave A. I didn’t know her name, so that’s what it said. Now this slave is yours, Hero. Your payment, please. Sure. I gave the slave trader 31 pieces of silver. You’ve overpaid, sir. For the ceremony. You were going to wring more money out of me somehow, weren’t you? …You are very wise. If I paid up-front, it made it hard for him to say anything about it afterwards. I’d like to see him try to get more out of me now.    Very well then. You’ve helped me clear out my stock. By the way, how much do you actually charge for this processing? Haha, it’s included in the cost. Sure it is. He laughed, so I laughed along with him. You’re really something. I’ve got goose bumps. Whatever. I look forward to your future visits. Sure. I started to walk off, and called for the slave to come with me. I turned my back on the circus tent. The slave followed behind me, wearing a miserable look on her face. Now then, let’s hear your name. … Guh... She turned her face away and didn’t answer. But that was a stupid thing to do. If the slave disobeyed my orders, she would have to pay. And so the slave punishment curse activated. Gu… guhhhh… She put her hands on her chest and seemed to be in pain. Come on, what’s your name? Ra… %char1%… Cough! Cough! %char1% it is then. Let’s go. She coughed out her name, and the pain faded. She took a moment to recover her breath. I took her by the hand, and we continued to walk down the back alley. … %char1% looked up at me, her hand in mine. She looked terrified, but we kept on walking…       Oh geez… We’d gone to the weapon shop, and the owner leaned on the counter and sighed when he saw me come in with %char1%. That’s right. I want attack power, that’s it. If I didn’t get some weapons, there would be no point to any of this. Give me a weapon that this girl can use. Keep it under 6 pieces of silver. … Hmph, the owner sighed again. I don’t know if the country is wrong, or if you’ve just gone rotten. Whatever. 6 pieces of silver, right? Yes. And do you have any other clothes or capes back there? … Sure. You can have ‘em for free. The owner muttered quietly to himself as he laid some knives out on the counter. At your budget, this is about it. From the right side moving left, there was a bronze, steel, and an iron knife. Apparently the price changed based on the type of handle. I made %char1% hold them all and then chose the one I thought fit her best. This one. %char1%, with the knife in her hand, looked pale. She stared at the owner, then at me. And here’s your clothes and cape. The owner threw them roughly in my direction before leading us to the fitting room. I gave %char1% the knife and clothes and sent her in. She ducked inside, and coughed the whole time she was changing. We should probably get you a bath. There was a river that flowed through the fields. The river running through the country split into three rivers upstream, and I’d moved my hunting over in that direction recently. There were fish in the water, and if I could manage to catch one, I’d save that much on dinner.    There were fish you could grab with your bare hands, which I did once, and in doing so unlocked the Fish Shield, and its ability: Fishing plus 1. She finished changing in silence and then ran over to me. Surely she knew that disobeying me would only result in further suffering? I kept my eyes on her, took a seat, and started talking. Okay, %char1%, this is your weapon. I expect you to use it to fight monsters. Do you understand? … She kept her terrified eyes fixed on me and nodded. Okay then, I’m giving you this knife… I then opened my cape to reveal the Orange Balloons there. I removed one and held it out to %char1%. Stab this, and pop it. Heee?! When I held out the balloon, she let out a shriek of surprise and seemed so taken aback that she nearly dropped her knife. I… uh… That’s an order. Do it. I… No. She obstinately shook her head. But she was a slave, and there was magic that would punish her for disobeying. Ugh… See? If you don’t attack it, you’re the one who gets hurt. Cough! Cough! Her face was twisted in pain, and her hands were shaking. She steadied her grip on the knife. You… murmured the owner, looking down at us from the counter. %char1% settled her nerves, braced herself, and stabbed at the balloon from behind. You’re weak! Try harder! …?! But! She had bounced backwards from her last attack. Recovering, she steadied her footing and lunged forward for another attack. The balloon burst with a loud pop.    EXP 1 %char1% EXP 1 The words appeared before me, telling me that a party member had defeated an enemy, which made me question something. Her. She’d never actually joined my party, so apparently she’d never had any intention of actually helping me. Nice one. I rubbed her head. She shot me a confused look in response. All right, next one. The strongest balloon had been chewing on my arm for a whole week. I tore it off and held it out to her, just as before. It must have weakened somewhat, being stuck on my arm without food or drink for a whole week. Even a weak little girl, level 1, should have been able to break it. She gave a determined nod and narrowed her eyes before attacking the balloon from behind. EXP 1 %char1% EXP 1 Huh? An icon was flashing at the corner of my vision. Looks like you’re up to it. Let’s get started. … Cough I told her to sheath her weapon, and she did as I asked. Oh, hey, I forgot. What? The shop owner was still glaring at me. You’re gonna have a hard life, and die hard. Thanks a bunch. I answered his sarcasm with sarcasm of my own. We left the shop and made for the fields. Walking down the main street, %char1% seemed amazed at all the shops. She held my hand as we walked and threw glances to the left and right. On our way through town, we were both stopped in our tracks by a delicious smell in the air. I still had… 3 pieces of silver. Come to think of it, I was pretty hungry. I could hear %char1%’s stomach grumbling along with my own.    I looked over to her and… Ah! She quickly shook her head, denying her grumbling stomach. What was she trying so hard for? I needed %char1% to be strong if I was going to make any money at all. There was no point to buying a knife if I didn’t keep it sharp. If she was hungry, she wouldn’t fight as well as she could. I looked around for a quick, cheap place to eat. I picked one, and as I entered… Come on in! The place was a little beat up, and the waitress seemed a little confused as she led us to our seat. On our way to the table, %char1% spotted a family eating across the room. She locked her gaze on them. The kids were eating a kid’s meal, and she was staring at it enviously. So that’s what she wanted. We took our seats, and I ordered before the waitress had a chance to get away. I’ll have your cheapest lunch. This one’ll have whatever that kid over there is eating. What?! %char1% turned on me in shock. I didn’t see what was so surprising about it. Very well sir. That will be 9 bronze pieces. Sure. I gave her a piece of silver, and received the remainder in change. We waited quietly for our food to arrive, and %char1% looked all around the restaurant. I noticed a few tables casting glances in my direction while they whispered among themselves. I hated this whole world. W…Why? Hm? %char1% said something, so I looked down at her. She was looking up at me with that confused look back on her face. I suppose she thought it odd that I’d feed her a real meal, considering that she was a slave. You looked like you wanted to eat it. You want something else? She shook her head. How come you’re… feeding me? I already told you… you looked like you wanted to eat.    But… She sure was stubborn. Anyway, eat up, and get some strength. If you walk around all skinny like that, you’ll just die on me. Even if she did die, I could use the money we made to buy a new slave. Here you are, said the waitress, bringing our meals. She set the kid’s lunch down before %char1%, and a lunch of bacon in front of me. It didn’t taste like anything. Was everyone playing some kind of trick on me? Why was all the food here so bland? Everyone else looked like they were enjoying their meals, but they must have had strange tastes. … %char1% was staring down at her meal. Aren’t you going to eat it? … Can I? Yes, you can. Hurry up. Upon hearing my order, she seemed to relax a bit. Okay. She hesitated for a moment before finally attacking her meal barehanded. Well, she was a slave, after all. I couldn’t expect her to have good table manners.     I thought that the whispers around us were growing more excited, but it was nothing to worry about. %char1% pulled the small toothpick flag from her chicken and rice and held it gingerly as she attacked the rest of her food. How is it? It’s great! I guess I was the only one that didn’t find the food very good. Or maybe she was in league with the rest of them? Slaves wouldn’t be able to get away with lying though… due to that spell she was under. But what if it was all fake? What if she wasn’t really a slave at all? I didn’t know how to even start looking into it. Anyway, I had lunch with my slave and thought about where to go next.     We finished our meals, left the restaurant, and made for the fields. %char1% was in a good mood, and she hummed a song as we walked. But once we left the town and arrived in the fields, she looked scared, and started shivering. She must have been afraid of the monsters. Don’t be scared. I’ll protect you from the monsters. She looked confused again. Check it out. These things have been chewing on me for a while now. Doesn’t hurt a bit. I pulled back my cape to show %char1% all the balloons there, chewing on me. She jumped back in surprise. That doesn’t… hurt? Not at all. Really… Let’s go. Okay… cough! She had been coughing a lot, but it was probably nothing. Picking the medicinal grasses along the way, we headed in the direction of the forest. Hey, there’s one! No… There were three. Three Red Balloons. They were in the bushes at the edge of the forest. I called out for %char1% to be careful and drew the balloons’ attention. Soon, they were biting me. Just like last time! Just stab them from the back. … Okay! She lunged forward and sunk her knife into the balloon. Bang! Bang! Bang! At the end of the fight, %char1% became level 2. Red Small Shield: conditions met Red Small Shield: ability locked: equip bonus: defense up 4    I immediately changed the shield into its newest form. %char1% was amazed by the process. How did you… Just what ARE you, Master? Didn’t she know I was the Shield Hero? Well, she was a demi-human, and a slave on top of that. I’m a hero. The Shield one. Hero? You mean like one of the four Holy Things? You know about it? She nodded. That’s right. I’m one of the summoned heroes. But I’m the weakest one! I chewed on my nails during my announcement. Just thinking of the others filled me with murderous rage. Noticing my anger, %char1% was suddenly upset, so I decided not to continue the story any further. Anyway, the plan for today is to take on the monsters in these woods. I’ll hold them down, you stab them. O…kay. Maybe she was getting used to me. She answered much quicker than usual. We worked our way through the forest, and every time we encountered an enemy, I’d lure its attention, grab it, and %char1% would stab it from behind. Soon enough, we came upon something besides balloons. Loomush. It was white, something like a mushroom, and hopped around. It had narrow, squinting eyes, and stood about as tall as a person. I tried hitting it, but I had the same luck as I’d had with the balloon. I had %char1% kill it. We soon came across Bluemushes and Greenmushes. Mush Shield: conditions met Blue Mush Shield: conditions met Green Mush Shield: conditions met Mush Shield: ability locked:    equip bonus: plant appraisal 1 Blue Mush Shield: ability locked: equip bonus: simple recipe 1 Green Mush Shield: ability locked: equip bonus: apprenticeship compounding None of these abilities were status boosts. They all seemed to be new abilities. Compounding… That would be useful once I used up my medicine stores. By the end of the day %char1% was at level 3, and I had risen to level 5. Evening fell, and we left the forest to walk along the riverbank. Cough… %char1% was silent, complained about nothing, and stuck with me the whole time. We’d have to spend at least some time focusing on building up our finances. We arrived at the river. I opened my bag, removed some firewood, and passed it to %char1%. She stacked the logs and set flame to them. Go wash up. If you get cold, you can warm up at the fire. … Okay. %char1% undressed and jumped in the water. I started fishing and tried to secure some dinner for us. I tried to watch over her as I fished. But there were no balloons in the area, and everything seemed safe. I started going over the loot we’d secured that day. We had a pretty large pile of medicinal herbs and lots of herbs that you couldn’t find in the fields. We had some balloon skins, quite a few, and a good amount of mushrooms too. And I’d unlocked four new kinds of shields. Yes, I was way more efficient working with her. Good thing I bought myself a slave. I should try compounding.    I brought up an easy recipe. I found one recipe that could be made with the herbs I had on hand. As for materials… I should be able to make do with the rocks from the river. I could grind things up with them. I’d need a recipe for mortar and pestle. There must have been some tricks to make it easier, but they were not noted in the recipe. I thought back on what was for sale at the apothecary. The pharmacist had been working on something that looked like it could be made from the materials I had, so I took a crack at it, and just copied whatever I could remember. Healing Medicine: fabricated Healing Medicine: quality: bad to fair: effective when immediately applied to the surface of wounds The information appeared directly before my eyes. I guess it was a success. The shield responded but didn’t absorb the medicine. I thought it would be a good idea to try some other combinations, some things I didn’t have recipes for. I tried mixing a variety of things, and the majority of attempts ended in failure: typically a black pile of rubbish. It was pretty interesting though. It reminded me of an online game, though that thought was immediately followed by the memory of the other heroes. I found myself quickly annoyed I could hear the snapping of logs in a fire. %char1% had left the water and was already warming up near the flames. Warm yet? Yes. Cough… She must have had a cold of some kind. The slave trader had mentioned that she was sick. Which reminded me… didn’t I just make some medicine? I couldn’t have her dying before I made back the money I’d spent on her. It might not be smart to give away some of my scarce resources, but I didn’t really have a choice.    Normal Medicine: quality: fair: effective on weak colds Here, take this. I didn’t know if her cold was weak, but it was all I had. … But it hurts, so… ugh… The dummy, she tried to say something selfish. She put her hand to her chest in pain. See? Y…yes, okay. She took the medicine with trembling hands then quickly drank it all. Huff... Huff… Nice. Good job. I rubbed her head, and she didn’t try to stop me. Her raccoon ears were so fluffy. I looked at her tail, and her forehead furrowed, as if to say, What are you looking at? Her tail started batting around in irritation. All right, dinner time. I hooked a fish, skewered it on a stick, roasted it over the fire, and passed it to %char1%. I took a bite, but it didn’t taste like anything. It was like a crumbling, firm tofu, without any flavor. I was surprised by how disgusting fish looked once you were unable to taste it. Whatever, no matter. It might have been gross, but %char1% was eating it up voraciously. I decided to return to fabrication. I’d always liked subtle work like this. The sun fell, and everything plunged into darkness. I continued working in the ring of light around the fire. Apparently there were all kinds of things you could make. After she finished eating, %char1% gazed at the fire, mesmerized. She looked like she was falling asleep. You can go to sleep, you know. She shook her head vigorously. What now? She was acting just like a kid who didn’t want to go to sleep. But then again, I guess she WAS a kid. She’d fall asleep if I just left her alone. I wondered if the medicine was having any effect on her. She didn’t seem to be coughing as much.    I continued fabricating for a little while and started to get an idea of what I could make. I took some of the poor materials I’d made and let the shield absorb them to see what I’d get. Small Medicine Shield: conditions met Small Poison Shield: conditions met Small Medicine Shield: ability locked: equip bonus: medicine efficacy up Small Poison Shield: ability locked: equip bonus: poison resistance up Any of the shields could be equipped from the Leaf or Mushroom Shields. I didn’t really know how useful medicine efficacy would be. Did it mean that using medicine would work better? Or did it mean that I could fabricate more powerful medicines? It didn’t matter. We’d collected a lot of materials today, and that would help us. %char1% had fallen asleep but suddenly started speaking. No… No… Help! She was having a nightmare. Noo! Noooooo! Her voice rang in my ears, high-pitched and terrified. This wasn’t good. What if her screams attracted monsters? I ran over and put my hand over her mouth. N………! Still, her shouts made it through my fingers. I see what the slave trader meant when he said she had issues. This could be a problem. Relax! Calm down! She was screaming, but still asleep. I hoisted her up and held her close to pacify her. Noo! Daddy… Mo…mmy. She called out for her parents. Tears were streaming down her face. She reached out a hand, calling for help.    I didn’t know what her situation was, but it looked like she was traumatized by her separation from her parents. You’re okay… You’re okay… I ran my hand over her head. I was trying to calm her down. Ugh… She kept crying. I held her close. ARRR! A balloon appeared, attracted by her screams. Geez… Of all the bad timing… I held %char1% tight, and ran for the balloon. Arrrrggghhhh! Cheep! Cheep! Morning already? It had been a hard night. After I finished with the balloons, %char1%’s crying started to subside. It grew intense again if I backed away from her. And when it grew intense again, the balloons came back. I ended up getting very little sleep. Um… You’re awake? Ahh?! She was shocked to find herself in my arms, and her eyes grew wide in surprise. Ah… That was tiring. It would be a little while before the castle gates opened. This was my only shot to get a nap. Our job for the day would be selling off the medicine I’d made and the herbs we’d gathered. If the herbs sold for a better price than the medicine, there was no point in making medicine. I’m going to take a nap. Can you eat the leftover fish for breakfast? She nodded slowly. All right then, night. If monsters come, wake me up. It was hard just to keep my eyes open. I felt myself being drawn to sleep.    What was she so afraid of? I didn’t plan on asking her. It must have been that her parents sold her off, or that she was taken away. Even if it was the latter, I didn’t need to return her. It’s not like I’d stolen her, I’d paid a hefty price for her service. She could hate me if she wanted. I needed to stay alive. I had to find a way back home.       The sun was high in the sky when I woke up. %char1% was waiting for me. Are we going back to town? Cough… Yeah. She was coughing again. I silently passed her some medicine which she swallowed in silence as well. We went to an apothecary and tried to sell our wares. Well these aren’t bad at all… Hero, do you have a background in medicine? He acted like we were already close associates as he looked over the medicine I’d made. Nope. Yesterday was my first try. Would it be more profitable to sell these medicines, or to directly sell the herbs? That’s a tough one. Medicine, if effective, is easier to use, and therefore probably easier to sell. The owner looked at %char1%. He seemed calm, cool. He spoke directly and simply, as if he knew we would doubt his council if his eyes were darting around the room. The prophecies are pushing the price of medicine up though, so it’s probably more profitable to sell the medicine. Hmmm. It would depend on the risk involved in fabrication, as some percentage of attempts were sure to end in failure. I also had no idea how much it would cost to assemble the necessary tools for the job. But I would need them to do it, regardless. Do you have any tools that you don’t use anymore? I thought about telling you two weeks ago, when you came to sell those herbs. The owner wore an odd expression, like half of a smile. In the end, he took the herbs as payment for instruction, bought the medicine I’d made, and gave me some of his older, used tools.    He gave me a proper mortar and pestle, as well as some other things: scales, flasks, and the like. I got the impression that, had I bought them new, it would have come to a hefty price. They’re all old and clunky, so I don’t know how much you’ll get out of them before they break. Sounds perfect for a beginner like me. Regardless, it was plenty of equipment to start experimenting with compounds and fabrication. Now all we needed to do was sell off the balloon skins we had. We were on our way to the loot shop when a kid we passed in the street caught my eye. The kid was playing with a balloon, bouncing it up and down like a ball. %char1% was watching him too, jealousy in her eyes. Hey, that… Hm? I pointed to the ball the kid was playing with and asked the shop owner about it. Yes, well it’s made from battle loot. From balloon skins. I get it. Can you make me one too? You can subtract the cost from the amount of skins we sell you. The owner calculated the cost, subtracted it from our total, then gave me both the money, and a ball made from the balloon skin. Here. I threw the ball at %char1%. She caught it, looked at the ball, then at me, then at the ball. She was surprised. What? You don’t want it? That’s not… Yes… She shook her head and smiled. That was the first time I saw her smile. … Whatever, it didn’t matter. She was just a kid. When we finish our work for the day, you can go play with that. Yay! She looked excited. That was good. The more exited she was, the more money I could make with her. We went back to the forest and started gathering herbs and fighting off monsters. We went anywhere we could with my current defense rating.    Apparently there was a town on the other side of the woods, but just thinking about the path that woman had suggested made me angry, so I decided not to go there. We were doing pretty well and collecting lots of stuff. It felt like we’d gained a little latitude, so I decided to start heading for the mountains. Huh? A monster I’d never seen before appeared. It looked like an egg of some kind. If I had to classify it, it was probably related to the balloons somehow. There’s a new monster. I’ll go first and see what’s up. If I say it looks okay, run up and stab it. Okay! Good answer. I ran toward the monster. When it saw me approaching, it bared its fangs. Clamp! It didn’t hurt a bit. I fought with it for a second, to get a good grip for %char1%. Hiya! She attacked the monster with much more enthusiasm than she’d shown the previous day. Eggug was what the thing was called. The Eggug cracked with a loud snap, and its yellow interior ran out onto the ground. Ew! Gross! Could we sell the shell? It seemed like a waste to just leave it there. But it smelled rotten, so it probably wouldn’t be any good for eating. My shield absorbed the eggshell. Soon after, a number of other Eggugs appeared, but %char1% took care of them. Egg Shield: conditions met Egg Shield: ability locked: equip bonus: cooking 1 Seems like I got yet another ability. This one was about cooking.    Soon after, more enemies appeared. They were variations on a theme though: various colors of Eggug. We hunted them for a while. Blue Egg Shield: conditions met Sky Egg Shield: conditions met Blue Egg Shield: ability locked: equip bonus: vision up 1 Sky Egg Shield: ability locked: equip bonus: simple recipes How come I only ever get crafting abilities? I wondered if it had something to do with the type of enemy. Regardless, as the day went on we also found various types of new medicinal herbs. I was careful to gather as much as I could. The sun was threatening to fall out of the sky. It was probably too late to start heading into the mountains. Besides, I wasn’t sure that %char1%’s equipment was up to the task. So what did we achieve that day? I reached level 8. %char1% reached level 7. She was catching up so quickly. I suppose that only made sense; she was the one defeating the monsters after all. It looked like the majority of the EXP points went to whoever landed the finishing blow, which would explain her quick progress through the levels. I’m hungry… Her stomach was rumbling. She looked at me, concerned. Fine. Let’s head back and get some dinner. We gave up on our duties for the time being and went back to Castle Town.    When we entered the town, I made for the loot shop. The Eggug shell wouldn’t be much use for compounding, so I decided to sell it off. Combined with my sales from earlier in the day, we made 9 pieces of silver. I couldn’t even imagine what they would use the shell for, but they bought it for a good price, so I decided not to press the issue. Our herbs and medicine sold well too. So what should we get for dinner? … Is what I was thinking, but %char1% had already fixed her eyes on a food cart, and was drooling in anticipation. I didn’t plan on spoiling her, but it seemed like a fair price. It seemed just fine. You want to eat that? Hm? Really? Well, you want to eat it, right? She quickly nodded. She was much quicker to respond to my questions now. Cough… She was still coughing though… I silently passed her some medicine and placed our order at the cart. They were selling something like thick mashed potatoes, formed into balls and skewered. Here you go. Good work today. I passed her a skewer, and once she finished swallowing her medicine, she took it and smiled. Thank you! Oh… Um… She looked genuinely happy. She chewed on the potatoes as we walked around town, looking for a place to stay. You want to stay here tonight? Sure. I wanted a place to escape from %char1%’s night terrors, and I was tired of fighting off balloons. We entered the inn. The owner made a face when he saw me, something approximating anger, but once we came to the counter he approached us with a business-like smile on. My friend here might scream a bit in the night, but can we stay here?    I didn’t intend to threaten him directly, but I waved my cape a little so he caught a glimpse of the balloons inside. That… that’s… It’s fine, right? We’ll try to be quiet. Y…yes. I’d slowly realized since I arrived that a measure of tenacity was important when conducting business in this place. All the people in the country thought it was fine to ridicule me, but if anything happened they’d run to the king. Even if they did, there really wasn’t any other choice but to let me do as I pleased. Geez. Oh, what a world… I paid for the room, and we went in and started unpacking. %char1% was holding her ball, and her eyes were shining. Come back before dark. And try to stay close to the inn, okay? Okay! Geez, what a child… Apparently demi-humans were subject to a fair amount of persecution but I figured that if she were an adventurer, she’d be left alone. I watched her playing ball in the street from the window, and turned my attention to studying compounding. About twenty minutes went by. Then I heard the shouts of children. What’s a demi-human playing in our spot for?! What the heck? I looked out the window. Down in the street was a pack of children, clearly just a bunch of brats, and they were approaching %char1% as if they were picking a fight. No matter what world you went to, there was always someone like this to contend with. Aw, look, she’s got something good! Give it here! I… um… %char1% understood that demi-humans were in a lower class. It didn’t look like she was planning on fighting it. Huff... I left the room and ran down the stairs. Give it here! Can’t you hear me?! But I… Um… She looked weak, and scared, and I could tell that the brats were going to take the ball from her by force. They formed a circle around her.    Hold on a second, you little brats. What the hell? Who’s the old guy? Wh… What? Old guy? Whatever, I was twenty. Who knew what age they considered grown up in this place? I guess I was an old guy" to them. What are you trying to take toys from her for? What do you care? It’s not yours. It IS mine. I’m letting her borrow it. If you steal it from her, you are stealing it from me. What are you talking about? I didn’t care if they were kids. I wasn’t going to go easy on them. If they felt like breaking the rules, they needed to be punished. Okay, Okay. Let me give you another ball that I have. %char1% looked at me in shock. She turned to the boys and looked ready to scream. Run! But they didn’t run. They looked right back at me. I smirked, and grabbed a balloon out from under my cape. OUUUUUCCCH!!! I let the balloon bite the kid before immediately putting it away again. Now then… Are you sure you want to play with my ball? Ouch! What are you talking about? You’re crazy! Die! Argh! What do I care, you brat! They ran off down the street, and I called out insults after them before heading back inside. Um… I… %char1% had a hold on my cape. Careful, you know there are balloons under there. She quickly released the cape, surprised. She was shaking with fear, but she slowly raised her face and smiled. Thank you. What was that about? … Right. I rubbed her head, and her face flushed red as she turned away.       The sun fell below the horizon, and it was night. %char1%’s stomach started to rumble again, and so we left the room to get dinner at a restaurant. The potatoes we had earlier were like a pre-dinner snack. %char1% had never been to the restaurant, so she didn’t know what to order. My wallet was finally filling up, and we would spend the next few nights out in the field. I thought it was reasonable to give her a good meal. Give us two Delia sets, and some Naporata. The waitress took our menus and went back to the kitchen. Let’s eat. Yes! %char1% ate in silence but held my hand the whole time. She must have been around ten years old. She looked hungry enough to eat my portion as well, so I ordered some more. We’ll be out in the fields tomorrow, so eat your fill tonight. Okay! I wanted to tell her to eat or nod her head, but not to do both. She seemed to really enjoy the food though, so I didn’t say anything. As we sat there, I realized that she had some other issue I needed to work on. I decided to take care of it when we got back to the room. Your hair is out of control. Let’s take care of that. … Okay. She looked anxious. I put my hand on her head. It’ll be fine. I won’t give you a weird hairstyle or anything like that. Really, leaving it like it was would be the worst thing to do. I ran my fingers through her hair to get an idea of what needed to come off, then I took her knife and started cutting. I cut off hair that was too long, so that it fell around her shoulders, and that was it. There we go. That should do it. The style seemed a lot more normal than how it was before. %char1% spun around the room, smiling and giggling. She seemed happy.    I was cleaning up the pile of hair when my shield started to react. … I hadn’t realized that. I let the shield absorb the hair and tried to keep %char1% from noticing. Then I opened the weapon book. It said that my shield’s level wasn’t high enough. Hm? Damn, she was right behind me. Go to bed! Okay! She seemed, oddly, more upfront and honest than she had been yesterday. She might start yelling in the night, so I decided to try and finish up my compounding as soon as I could. You’ve made a nourishing beverage! Nourishing Beverage: quality: poor to fair: effective for fatigue: quickly nourishes the person who drinks it You’ve made medicine! Medicine: quality: fair to normal: helps cure sickness. Not effective on serious sicknesses Hmm… It seemed like I could make a variety of things from the grasses in the fields and mountains. And the apothecary was buying them from me at a good price. Still, they used a lot of resources. It was hard to know if I was coming out ahead. In the end, I made six nourishing drinks, and a sizable portion of medicine. But it was hard to make anything of a high quality, and so I don’t think I could make compounding into regular work. But hey, I was the Shield Hero, not the neighborhood pharmacist. … I might as well let the shield absorb them. Calorie Shield: conditions met Energy Shield: conditions met    Potential Energy Shield: conditions met Calorie Shield: ability locked: equip bonus: stamina up (small) Energy Shield: ability locked: equip bonus: SP increase (small) Potential Energy Shield: ability locked: equip bonus: stamina use down (small) It seemed like all the abilities were status abilities. What was this stamina it was talking about? My strength? I better look it up. I’d better find out more about different herbs. I was getting a lot of abilities that I could use, but I wished there were more battle abilities. Apparently the herbs I already had were not enough to unlock the abilities. … Mmm… I stretched and decided to turn in for the night. I turned around and locked eyes with %char1%. She was asleep, though. Apparently, she was right about to start crying. Ahhhh! I clamped my hand down over her screams, and she calmed down a little. I held her against my chest and ran my fingers through her hair. And that was it. She was much easier to calm down than she had been. I made to let her go, but she started to cry again. I guess there was no getting around it. We slept together that night. … Cold. It was cold. I could feel the sun on my face, and I opened my eyes. %char1% should have been sleeping with me, but I saw her across the room, curled into a ball in the corner. What’s wrong? I’m sorry I’m sorry, I’m sorry I’m sorry!    She was apologizing so furiously something had to be wrong. I arched my eyebrows and soon found out why I was so cold. Yes… She had peed the bed. I guess she thought I would be mad. I didn’t know if it was normal for a ten-year-old to pee the bed, but I couldn’t get mad at her if she was staring at me with terrified eyes like that. I walked over to her. I reached out my hand, but she curled away from it. Oh come on… I set my hand on her shaking shoulder. It doesn’t matter if you peed the bed. Let’s just hurry up and get this stuff washed and changed. We’d need some equipment. Um… %char1% was looking at me in confusion. Aren’t you mad? What’s the point in getting mad at a repentant person? If you feel bad, I won’t be mad. The sheets were dirty. I wondered how much the innkeeper would want for the trouble. Regardless, I’d take the blanket for myself. I went and explained the situation to the innkeeper, paid for the sheets, and then ran to the weapon shop to procure some new equipment. The water from the well was very cold. I ran the sheets over the washboard and packed them away. On our way out to the fields, I found a tree branch to hang them on. Okay then… %char1% kept walking beside me like she was the worst thing in the world. It was getting on my nerves. I told you not to worry about it! … Okay. … She was an honest kid. But if she lost her motivation, it would be a problem for me too. Ah… Her stomach was grumbling again. Her face flushed red from embarrassment. Want to get some breakfast?    Um… sure. She took hold of my sleeve and walked next to me. Cough… Okay, well, here’s your punishment. You have to drink this medicine. I handed her the bottle. I guess she had some kind of disease and would need to have the medicine regularly. She sniffed at it and crinkled her nose in disgust. But by thinking it was punishment, she drank it down with some effort. Ugh… It’s so bitter. You can handle it. She finished the bottle and looked, for a moment, like she might throw up. By the way, I was able to sell the medicine we’d made for a good price. It wasn’t very high quality, but apparently supply had been running low.       We walked through the fields and based our operations in the woods and mountains. We were fighting much more smoothly than we had been. I guess we’d gotten the hang of it. We were also doing well when it came to herbs. It didn’t take long to fill our bags with loot and herbs. That was when it happened. We’d been fighting monsters that resembled, for the most part, inanimate objects, but finally an animal-like monster appeared. It was like a giant, brown… rabbit? Usapil. Weird name, if you ask me. Booo! The Usapil looked us over for a second or two before rushing at us with its huge front teeth bared. Watch out! Probably thinking it looked weak, %char1% was already locked on. So I ran in front of her to cover. Kiine! Kiiine! The Usapil dug its teeth in, but just as before, it didn’t hurt at all. Apparently my defense rating was really high. Got it! Stab it! Ahh… I… What is it? It’s alive… and it… it’ll bleed! I tried to figure out what she wanted to say. Just deal with it. We’re going to have to fight lots of living things. But… but… The Usapil kept biting me, over and over. Just do it! If you don’t, I won’t be able to watch out for you. Sure, we’d spent time together, and grown a little attached. But I still needed her to fight for me. If she couldn’t do it, I’d have to return her and    get a new slave, one that could fight. Hiya! Hiya! %char1% let out a child-like scream and stabbed the Usapil, time after time, in the back. When she pulled out the knife, blood sprayed. Ah… The Usapil collapsed to the ground and rolled back and forth. %char1% watched it there, and then kept looking at the blood on her knife. The color left her face, and she looked like she was going to run off. But there was no time for sympathy. We’d have to do the same thing hundreds, if not thousands of times. Boo! Another Usapil appeared from the shrubbery and bounded towards %char1% with its teeth out. Ah! I dashed between them and deflected the Usapil attack. I’m sorry. I know it’s really my responsibility, but I can’t do anything but protect others. That’s why you have to do it. The Usapil buried its teeth in my arm as I spoke. I have to get stronger. I need you to help me. If I didn’t, there was no way I could survive what was coming. The time was set. The wave of great destruction would be coming in just a little over a week. If I had to face it at my current level, I wasn’t sure if I could survive. … But… In just over a week, a wave of great destruction will wash over the world. What?! That’s why I have to get stronger. Before the wave comes, I have to be strong enough to meet it. %char1% listened in silence but was shaking in fear. You’re going to fight the wave? Yeah. That’s what I’m here for. I’m not doing it for fun… If you think about it that way, you and I are very much alike. Not that I’m in a position to speak, since I am forcing you and all. …    So don’t give me a reason to let you go. I didn’t want to. It wouldn’t be good for anyone to put her back in the cage in that tent. I had no money. If I didn’t sell her off, I couldn’t buy a new slave. I understand… Master. I will… fight. Color slowly came back to her pale face. She nodded. Then she turned to the Usapil and stabbed it with her bloodied knife. She looked suddenly determined. Her eyes were fixed. The Usapil was rolling over at her feet. She looked at it, and then slowly closed her eyes. She stepped forward and corrected the grip on her knife. She was going to dissect it. Leave that to me. This isn’t all your responsibility. Okay. I took a dissecting knife from my bag and went to work. This was reality, not a game. If I could have, I’d have looked away. But that wasn’t an option. It was my first time butchering an animal, but it was something I’d have to do to survive. When I first saw the Usapil’s blood on my hands, I understood how %char1% felt. Also, apparently I couldn’t use weapons in combat, but I could use them to carry out tasks like this. Granted, there were lots of times in life when you needed a knife, so it only seemed natural. I butchered the two Usapils and let the shield absorb them. UsaLeather Shield: conditions met UsaMeat Shield: conditions met UsaLeather Shield: ability locked: equip bonus: agility 3 UsaMeat Shield: ability locked: equip bonus: dissection ability 1 I turned my shield into a UsaMeat Shield and stood up. Master, please, um, don’t… abandon me. %char1% was looking at me, pleading with me. She looked hurt.    She must have really not wanted to go back to the slave trader. She cried in the night, had a disease, and was skinny as twigs. If I weren’t careful, she’d end up dead. And that wouldn’t be good for anyone. I momentarily smiled at the thought of dying and bringing that woman down with me. But back to reality: that wasn’t an ideal scenario. If you do your job, I won’t abandon you. And I’d be really in a tight spot if she died. … Yes, anything with the same gender as that woman…ugh, her! My head was spinning. I had to stop thinking about it. It was painful. It was time to think of how to use this slave to get stronger. EXP 7 %char1% EXP 7 I want to… To help you… Master. %char1% was behaving like a new person, attacking and killing Usapils left and right. Once, she even dashed off to attack one before I’d had a chance to secure it and hold it down. This was good, even if it seemed a little violent. What I was doing wasn’t a good thing. Everything was just for me, and it was self-centered. But hey… I didn’t really have a choice, did I? We decided to stay in the woods that night. We found a clearing, stacked some firewood, and built a fire. We picked some herbs that seemed to be edible and boiled them with the Usapil meat for dinner. There was some meat left over, so we skewered it and grilled it by the fire. I was planning on going back to town by evening tomorrow, but I wasn’t sure if we could sell the meat. I wasn’t even sure if we could eat it, but my Vision skill was saying that it was edible. Once the cooking was done, I took a nibble to test it. There was nothing wrong with it. It was rubbery, though, and I couldn’t taste it. Was it gross? I hadn’t done anything to it but cook it. So it was probably pretty flavorless.    My cooking ability lit up and told me that the quality was pretty good, so it couldn’t have been that bad. Here. Eat up. I passed her the pot of stew and a skewer of meat. It so yummy! Her stomach had been rumbling in anticipation, and her eyes lit up when she bit into the food. She ate it as though it were the most delicious thing in the world. After the day’s fighting, I was at level 10, and so was %char1%. She had finally caught up with me. I turned my attention to compounding work by the light of the fire. With the money I made from the medicines, hopefully, I’d be able to afford us some better equipment. I made the most expensive medicines I knew of. I ground herbs in the mortar and pestle and wrung their juices into a beaker. You’ve made medicine! You’ve made a nourishing drink! I’d made all the recipes I knew. So I’d reached the end of the usefulness of compounding 1. Besides, these two recipes were what I stumbled upon by luck. I was running out of materials to compound. And most of my results were not very good. … Cough. So, the medicine was wearing off. I passed her another bottle in silence, and she drank it in silence. Anyway, we’d both have to be stronger. We’re going to take turns watching the fire. You can sleep first and… I’ll wake you up when it’s your turn. All right. She was so agreeable and honest. She was acting like a completely different person from when we first met. Good night. Ah… Yeah, night. Oh hey, we’re going to sell it off tomorrow, so you might as well sleep on the sheepskin blanket while we have it.    While cooking, I’d used the fire to smoke out the bedbugs and lice from the blanket, and I passed it to %char1%. It wasn’t that thick, but in combination with the rest, it should be pretty warm. Okay. She sniffed at the sheepskin and made a face. The smoke? Yes. It’s very smoky. Yeah, I bet. But it seems warm. She lay down and leaned against my back. Then she closed her eyes. I kept on practicing compounding, and tended to the fire, waiting for %char1%’s inevitable outburst. Geez… just how long would we have to live like this? At the very least, we’d need to live like this one more week. I didn’t want to think about it, but if we didn’t get better equipment, we might just end up dead. … It would happen pretty soon. By the third day, I was getting a good handle on the timing. … Mmm… %char1% slowly raised herself up and rubbed her eyes. Hm…? You awake? She didn’t cry. Oh, that’s it. Her back was touching mine when she slept, so the warmth must have made her feel better. If she could sleep and touch another person, maybe she’d be all right? … I’m hungry. She was still hungry? After eating all that? Here you go. I gave her the rest of the grilled meat, though I’d been saving it for breakfast. She ate it up and seemed to enjoy it. Okay, I’m going to try and get some sleep. Wake me up if anything happens. Okay! She nodded as she chomped on the meat.    I’m glad that she was happier than she used to be, but she was turning into a little piggy.       We switched off sleep-shifts, and before long morning had come. By noon, there were already new problems. We were out hunting Usapils. Ah… The knife I’d given %char1% snapped with an audible crack. Here, take it. I didn’t really have a choice, so I held out my work knife to her. She took it and killed the Usapil that was biting me. I’m so sorry. Nothing lasts forever. It just broke. It’s no big deal. It was just a cheap thing, and we’d never even had it sharpened. Let’s just head back to town. Okay. We’d accrued a sizable amount of luggage. Dividing it between the two of us, we set off for town. Also, I was now at level 11, and so was %char1%. On the way back to town we ran into a few monsters, but %char1% was able to dispatch them with the little utility knife. Back in town, we sold all our loot and medicine and ended up making 70 pieces of silver. I wonder what happened. The knife? %char1% and I were eating at a food stall. It looked like we were making enough money to survive. If I could cook Usapil meat, we could eat for free. That took a little pressure off. I didn’t know where to go, but I knew we needed to get good equipment and keep leveling up. Hey, Let’s go to the weapon shop. Okay. Rumble… I heard a stomach rumbling behind me. I’m hungry.    Didn’t you just eat?? What was this, puberty?! How many times did she need to eat every day? Ha… Engel’s coefficient was about to jump through the roof. If we didn’t go hunting, she’d eat me out of house and home. What I’m saying, man, is this: give us the best equipment you can for 65 pieces of silver. Throw in a work knife, too. The weapon shop owner slapped his palm to his forehead. I guess I’m at fault too, giving you such a cheap one… but you still need to take care of your weapons. Sorry. I was using it like it had a Blood Clean coating. Bad idea, huh? Right, the balloons, Mush, and Eggugs were all basically inanimate. Sure, the Eggug had some liquid inside that you had to watch out for. But the Usapils bled, and that must have affected the knife. On top of that, we never cleaned or sharpened it, so that just made it break quicker. But you know, it’s only been three days since I saw you guys last. You’re looking much healthier. You think? %char1% shot him a professional smile. What did he want to say? Hm? And you look so happy too. I am! This was the perfect place to haggle. Hey, put most of that 65 pieces of silver into the weapon. What about you? I’m fine. Really? %char1% looked up at me, confused. Do I look like I need something? Geez… In all the fighting we’d done so far, I hadn’t been hurt even once. But the other heroes had warned me. The Shielders were strong in the beginning but fall behind as the game goes on. So I wasn’t going to waste resources on myself until we got far enough that the enemy’s attacks started to hurt me.    Hmm… %char1% was acting like she didn’t get what I meant. She was hugging the ball I’d given her. Well this is fate, isn’t it? I’ll give you a deal. Just knock some of the price off. I’m already giving you pretty much the lowest price I can. If I don’t, you’ll sick your balloons on me, won’t you? So people really were gossiping about me. Not that it bothered me— this particular gossip was good for me. I just repay absurdity in kind. … No skin off my back, though I bet you’d think of some other way to get what you want. You know me so well. I can tell just by looking at you. You’re far more business-minded than those other Heroes. I’ll take that as a compliment. Now then… The old guy was rubbing his chin as he looked %char1% over. Maybe it’s about time you moved on from a knife. You think you’re ready for a sword? You think I can handle it? You seem up for it! Maybe a short sword to start off with. He went off to a corner of the shop and started rummaging through a box of things. Huh. I’m gonna use a sword? I guess so. I’ll look up the instructions on how to use them. The old guy came back, and he was carrying a beat-up leather breastplate. Here we’ve got an iron short sword, and a leather breastplate. He handed her the sword and pulled the breastplate down over her clothes. At the same time, a loud grumble came from %char1%’s stomach. Not again!    Hey, she’s a demi-human after all, right? She’s a kid, and you should expect this as she levels up. What was that supposed to mean? I didn’t really understand it, but apparently the demi-humans lived by different rules. Huh, really? Well you just stay put and listen to the lecture. I’ll go get you some food, okay? Okay! The old guy at the counter burst into laughter at our conversation. All right, get out of here. I’ll teach her the basics while you are gone. I left the weapon shop and ran to the market. Was he saying that demi-humans had to pay for their levels by eating extra food? What an odd type of creature. But her stats were getting higher, and she was getting stronger. That’s good. Still though, I couldn’t afford to spend all my money on food. I bought some food and ran back to the weapon shop. The owner was in the middle of teaching %char1% how to use her new sword. See? Thanks! %char1% kept stuffing food into her mouth, and the shop owner kept talking about how to swing the sword, and how to dodge attacks. It seemed like they were making progress. You up for this too? I’ll just watch. Thanks. Yeah, your defense is so high it doesn’t matter anyway. But if you lose your balance, you’ll be in serious trouble. … Said the owner, and finished his lecture. We settled the bill. Then the guy passed me a lump of white rock. What’s this? It’s a whetstone. The new sword isn’t coated either. If you don’t do some periodic maintenance on it, it’s going to break just like the last one. You don’t say… The shield started to react, so I let it absorb the stone. H…Hey! Sharpening Shield: conditions met    Huh? That was a funny name. I guess it was still a shield though. There were so many iron ore derivatives… but I guess the idea was not to be derivative but to use it in combination with the Sky Egg Shield and the UsaMeat Shield in compounding. I guess because you needed a sharp knife to cook. The defense level was pretty much indistinguishable from an Egg Shield. Apparently, letting the shield absorb a dead Usapil before it was butchered would result in an Usapil Shield, which had a higher defense value. Sharpening Shield: ability locked: equip bonus: sharpening level 1 Special Effect: automatic sharpening (8 hours): consumption (large) Special effect? I checked the help screen. Special Effect: Special effects are effects that appear only when the specified weapon is equipped for the first time. Unlike equip effects, these effects cannot be learned for later use, so be careful and only use them when you are sure they will be useful. Just like those other games with their effects. So, like, if it was a dragon-type, you could expect a really spectacular effect when it was equipped. I think it was supposed to be something like that. I hurried to change my shield. Woah! What was that?! The Sharpening Shield was a little larger than the Small Shield. It consisted of a large, white stone.    But it was covered in etched grooves. Some of them were small. Some of them were big. Some of them looked like you could slip a sheet of paper through them. Hey, you idiot! Listen to me! Whatever… automatic sharpening (8 hours): consumption (large). I wonder what that meant? If it was like the name, I guess it meant that the ability would be useful for a certain amount of time… Hey! What is it, old dude? What’s with that Shield?’ You saw it before! It’s the Legendary Shield. I never heard of it, and I never saw it. Yes you did. It was a Small Shield back then. Then why is it a giant whetstone now? Because I let it absorb the whetstone you gave me. Come on, man. … He looked at me like I was a lost cause, like he couldn’t follow anything I was saying. I’d heard that the Legendary Weapons were imbued with a mysterious power. Is this what they meant? Didn’t the other heroes tell you? I haven’t seen them in a while. And you’re the only one that I’ve seen do something like that. We probably should have talked all this out in advance, but who had the time to deal with pleasantries when a terrible fate would be upon us in just over a week? Apparently the other heroes were planning on keeping secrets to give themselves an advantage. Well, they had earned my distrust. … But in their defense, there really was no need to go around showing your abilities off. I suppose they were being efficient. What are you all worried about? Well, it says automatic sharpening for eight hours, with large consumption. It sounds like it will automatically keep your sword sharp. I didn’t know what it was going to consume though. Hmmm…    The owner took an old, rusty sword out from behind the counter and thrust it through one of the grooves on my shield. I’ll give you some of my trashed equipment. You can try it on this. Right. Thanks. An icon appeared in my field of view. It said, Now sharpening. It felt heavy, and my shoulders felt burdened. I looked at my status screen, and there was an SP rating listed there. It had not changed yet, but now it was slowly decreasing. I had figured it was probably related to skill points, but I was surprised that it was used up on activities like this. All right, let’s get going. We’re going? Yes. I put my hand on %char1%’s head and headed for the door. We needed to focus on leveling up, and then on getting enough food to settle %char1%’s belly. Hey, old man. What? Did you forget something? He was leaning on the counter like he couldn’t stand to be bothered by any more questions. There is a dungeon in the town on the other side of the forest. Do you know anywhere populated by monsters of a similar strength? I unrolled my cheap map and pointed to the dungeon that the woman had told me about. I figured it would be better to ask. I didn’t have to believe what he said though. The town itself, and the road leading to it, has monsters more similar to the dungeon than to the forest. Okay, cool. I’m going to visit. We needed to focus on leveling up, and on making money, before the prophesied day arrived.       We headed to the town that the weapon shop owner had told us about. The village was called Riyute. It seemed like a good place to base our operations. There was only one inn there though, and a room went for one piece of silver. A travelling merchant visited once every other day, and he would buy loot from us if he needed it. There was no apothecary, but the townsfolk wanted medicine, so I could sell my wares there, but at a lower price than in Castle Town. If the quality wasn’t good they were sure to complain. My reputation had preceded me. Even still, if the townsfolk seemed ready to do something stupid, I’d have to introduce them to my balloons. Anyway, I went to the shop to sell some loot that we’d earned in the area around town. So… That’s what I got. That’s it? He paid me a few pieces of silver, and I begrudgingly accepted them. He bought them for a good enough price, but it still wasn’t enough. Isn’t there a faster way to get money? Why, you need something? Didn’t he know that I was the Shield Hero? Either that, or he already knew but was pretending not to. That would give him some sort of advantage over me. Well then, there is a coal mine on the outskirts of town. If you got some ore from there, you could probably sell it for a good price. Oh yeah? Yeah. If you can figure out how to get it out of there, you’ll make a good chunk of change. … Why don’t other people do it then? If it was so easy, the place should have been crawling with prospectors. Before the waves of destruction came, it was pretty popular. But now the place is filled with dangerous monsters. I see.    I don’t know what our adventurers, knights, or the summoned Heroes are doing. But hey… I guess that’s what you should expect from an abandoned mine. This story was getting good. A coal mine, huh? If I could score some ore there, I’d get a good amount of money for it. There are some rare types of ore there, if you can find them. They will sell for a good price. Really? Thanks for the heads up. In truth, I didn’t believe him entirely, but I still wanted to check out the mine. … Where are we going today? %char1% was shivering in fear as she asked. We’re going to a nearby mine. Okay… Apparently there are dangerous monsters in there. You better stay close, in case we have to run away. Okay! I opened the map and found the coal mine. It was near the mountains, and the road was overgrown with weeds and shrubbery. It had been abandoned long ago. Near the entrance we came upon a number of pickaxes that had been dropped. They were old and ratty, but they didn’t seem unusable. Very near by, we found an old rest station. The door was locked. But it wasn’t being used, so I couldn’t think of a reason not to let myself in. %char1%, I’m going to break the lock. What? Oh… Okay. She picked up a rock and started to slam it against the lock. It was pretty much rusted through, so it only took a few good hits to break it. Inside, we found some rope, and a couple of other things. But they had all been abandoned and were not in very good condition. We did find a map of the mine though, which was good. My shield absorbed the other items we found. Pickax Shield: conditions met    Rope Shield: conditions met Pickax Shield: ability locked: equip ability: mining 1 Rope Shield: ability locked: equip bonus skill: Air Strike Shield Special Effect: rope Air Strike Shield? What was that? And if it was a skill, how was I supposed to use it? I decided to try out the Rope Shield. It turned out to be a shield made from a coiled length of rope. Its defense rating was so low I thought it was a joke at first. I didn’t want to try it out in an actual battle. And what was this special effect rope? I’d better try it out. Maybe it was some type of grappling hook? I thought about the rope and the beams of the small shelter, and it flew from my shield and tied itself around them. Wow! This would be useful. As for the Air Strike Shield… I’d better check the help menu. Found it. Skill: While in battle, a skill may be activated by shouting its title. There are also skills that may be activated by certain choreographed motions. So it was like the abilities and skills from an RPG. Or like the skill set in an MMO. All right, I think I got it. Time to try it out. Air Strike Shield! As I shouted the command, an icon appeared, saying that I should indicate the direction to send the attack. A circle indicating the attack range appeared on the ground.    I focused on the ground just before me. When I did, a large Air Strike Shield appeared there, hovering in the air. It was a strange shape, something like an oversized shield. It was made from some strange, magical power. I wonder what it does? I reached out to touch it. It did not move from the space it was set. I guess all the skill did was summon a shield. If this was my first skill, then I suppose I really couldn’t expect to get strong attacks anytime soon. What is it? %char1% asked me. It’s nothing. I just got some useful skills. That’s all. Oh… So, are we going? Yeah, let’s go. %char1% was acting more bravely than she had been, but I needed to watch out that she didn’t get too familiar. That could be a problem. The Pickax Shield was certain to be of use considering the reason we’d come to the mine. Now then, let’s get down to business. I held out a torch to the entrance, and we stepped inside. There are dangerous monsters in here, so keep an eye out. Okay. I took the lead, and went in ahead of her. For a little while, the tunnel was supported by wooden beams, but as we went deeper, the cave was just formed from natural stone walls. You could hear the soft sound of a distant waterfall and river, and there was a soft light coming from far above. There was a small hole above us, and the light filtered through the dusty air. Now then, where to go? We started looking for ore. I opened the map and took a quick look. It wasn’t a maze. The map was marked with an X up near the source of the waterfall. That’s where we would go. Master… Hm? %char1% was tugging at my sleeve. Um… Look. She was pointing down.    I followed her gaze. There were large footprints there, and they appeared to be from something like a dog. So they weren’t lying about the monsters… They were big, but not abnormally so. I pictured a pretty large-sized dog. We need to keep going. If we always tried to avoid danger, we would never get anywhere. If we ran into a monster, all we needed to do was defeat it. If it was only the size of a dog, I’m sure we could handle it. All right, let’s go. Oh… Okay. Don’t worry. We can beat it. I’ll try. That’s the attitude. So we kept on moving slowly through the cave. Until… Grrrrrrrr We ran into it right when we reached the top of the waterfall. It was like a big, black dog. But it had two heads. But the footprints were so much smaller… Maybe it was a puppy? This dog was taller than I was! We had no choice… Hawoooooooo! The dog let out a bellowing howl and turned towards us. It started running. I hadn’t taken damage from an enemy yet, but could I take on a monster like this and come out unscathed? Well, even if it landed an attack, one hit shouldn’t kill me. I held up my shield, and waited for the attack. Ugh…. It was so heavy. Gahhhh! Its thick nails were scratching at my shield, and both of its heads were trying to bite me. … As if I would let it! To avoid its teeth, I threw my weight into the shield, pushed the beast back, and jumped away to get some distance. Apparently, I could stand up to its attacks for now.    Yes! I got it! There was a chance for %char1% too… But that’s when I noticed it. She was shaking in fear, and her eyes were locked at some random point in space. No! This is just how she acted when she was getting ready to cry in the night. Nooooooooooooo! Her shrill cry cut through the cave and rang in my ears. Grrrooar! The dog howled and jumped back for a moment. It then turned to %char1% and began to dash in her direction. As if I would let it. I quickly knocked her out of the way with my shield. She fell over by the waterfall. Ah! H…Help! Even if she fell, she shouldn’t die. But she looked like she was about to fall over the edge. No! No! Dad! Mom! Damn… This wasn’t good. Better pull back. It was a risk, but it was our only chance. I ran over to her, wrapped her in my arms, and gave myself over to the waterfall. You fall over waterfalls in games all the time, but to do it in real life was different. Everything was swirling, and I had no idea where I was. We were suddenly free from the water but were falling through the air. We fell into a small lake at the bottom. The current wasn’t strong, so we swam to the shore. Cough… Cough… What was that?! You can’t just freak out on me. Dad? No! What are you talking about? I looked up as we talked. The dog ran to the edge of the cliff, looked down at us, then turned and ran off. It had to be thinking of a way to get to us. Are you okay? Are you conscious? I… I…    What was that? It… Tell me! I… okay. She started talking, slowly and deliberately. I’m from a little village of demi-humans, mostly farmers. It’s a little ways from here, by the ocean… It’s still part of this country though, so life wasn’t easy. Both of her parents were kind-hearted, and the village was peaceful. But one day, skeleton warriors flooded the town. They had come from a wave of destruction. There were a lot of skeleton warriors, but the adventurers in town were able to hold them at bay. But soon enough other beasts, giant insects, fell on the battlefield, and the adventurers were unable to hold the line. Finally, a giant, three-headed dog appeared, some kind of monster. The people weren’t able to stand up to it at all, and they were trampled. The village couldn’t fight anymore, so they ran from the monsters. But the monsters wouldn’t let them flee. Acting like it was a sport, they hunted down the remaining people and killed them. %char1%’s family, like the rest of the villagers, ran from the monsters. Soon enough, they came to a cliff overlooking the ocean and found themselves trapped there by the wave of monsters. Realizing they could not escape, her parents looked into each other’s eyes and then turned to %char1% and smiled. %char1% was shaking in fear, but they patted her head and comforted her. She was too young to realize that they were planning on sacrificing themselves to save her. No! Father! Mother! Slam! The two of them, wishing for %char1%’s safety, pushed her from the lip of the cliff. As she was falling to the ocean, she saw the monsters attack her parents. As she told me the story, her face was pale. I think it was a difficult memory to talk about. I fell into the water and luckily washed up on a nearby shore. After she woke up, she went searching for her parents. She climbed back up the cliff.    The monsters had finally been defeated by the knights and adventurers of the kingdom. She walked through fields littered with bones and finally found her way back to the cliff. … And she found pools of blood, and strips of flesh. When she finally understood that her parents were dead, something inside of %char1% snapped. Nooooooooooooooo! From that point on %char1% resolved to live a full life. Looking at her now, it was hard to picture. But apparently she used to be quite the over-achiever. When she became a slave, it must have slowly worn her down. Until she met me, apparently she’d been living a pretty heroic life. She’d been fighting to reestablish her village but unfortunately ran into a slave dealer, was captured, and was even tortured. Finally, she ended up in the slave trader’s tent, just where I’d found her. That black dog is back! We need to run! She was starting to panic again. I suppose that was the source of her trauma. Calm down! But… But!! That is not the dog that killed your parents. It has two heads, right? Besides… just who do you think I am? Um… I’m the Shield Hero. Up until now, I’ve been protecting you, haven’t I? But even if I can protect you, I can’t defeat the enemies myself. %char1% put her head in her hands. Your parents are not coming back. But you can help other kids. You can help keep the same thing from happening to them! It wasn’t a very good argument. I just wanted to survive. That’s why I needed to get stronger. But the waves were clearly a source of terror for %char1%. Even still, if she WANTED more kids to end up like she had, then there was nothing I could do about that.    All I can do is give you the best environment for you to use your fighting skills. If that’s not cool with you, well, we already discussed your options. R…Right. Gaah! The dog had managed to find us somehow. If you’re not going to fight, then get the hell out of here. What about you? I’ll draw its attention. You run! But! That’s all we can do. I can’t fight. All I can do is protect you. I don’t want to run away! Then what will you do? Just die here? … No! She fixed her grip on the sword, swung around the side of the dog, and stabbed it. Yipe! The dog whelped. I don’t want you to die! … I won’t die. If I die, that means that I didn’t protect you. I had to get stronger to keep from dying. Like I would die in a place like this? Yeah right! The dog was charging at %char1%. I quickly changed to the Rope Shield. Air Strike Shield! The shield changed again, and I quickly turned to the dog.     Argh?! The dog turned from %char1% and came rushing at me, howling. One of the heads bit deep into my shoulder. It hurt, and a spray of blood followed the pain. Master?! Calm down! I’m fine! If it could overcome my defense rating, it must have been pretty strong. Its fangs were huge and sharp. I hope it wasn’t going to do any permanent damage. This must be thanks to the shield too. It hurt, but it wasn’t anything I couldn’t handle. Yes! %char1% threw all of her strength into the thrust. She’d found the heart of the beast and stuck her sword into it. Rooooaaaaarrrrrrrrr! It shouted in pain, and %char1% pushed the sword in deeper. Arrrrrhhhhhhh! The dog was stronger than I thought. It still wriggled in pain. %char1% stabbed the heart again and again. Finally, the dog stopped moving and collapsed. EXP 340 %char1% EXP 430 We were rewarded for the battle with a hefty amount of EXP points. We both leveled up. Huff… Huff… You did it. Good work. Both of us were covered in blood. I rubbed her head. Master… Don’t die, please… My… My place… She was having trouble saying what she meant. But I think she wanted to keep things as they were. Life as a slave must have been tough. Of course she didn’t want to return to that cage.    The situation was not bad at all. Is that why she wanted me to praise her? Well I wasn’t planning on selling her off anytime soon. And all I wanted from her was her attack ability. Master… I don’t think I know your name yet… Yeah, you’re right. It’s %Name%. Nao… Fumi? Pleasure to… meet you. She looked sheepishly at the floor. My… name? Well it was better than being called Master or Hero all the time. Time to absorb that monster. We butchered the beast…. It wasn’t a fun experience… at all. But we managed to do it. Two-headed Black Dog Shield: conditions met Two-headed Black Dog Shield: ability locked: equip bonus: alert shield Special Effect: Dog Bite The shield looked like a two-headed dog. It was made from leather, and so realistic that the heads almost looked alive. They seemed like pretty good abilities. Not bad. I wondered what the Alert Shield did. I also wondered what the special effect, Dog Bite, was all about. I’d look it up later I brushed some of the healing medicine over the bite on my shoulder. It stung a little, but I could feel the wound healing instantly. After we got back to the inn, I’d see if I could find a magic user to heal it for me. I figured I could pay them. That reminded me, this was the first time I’d felt pain since I arrived in this world. Of course there was pain here. It’s not like we couldn’t fight… But still… I didn’t like being hurt.    The different parts of the dog didn’t cause the shield to react. Either that, or there wasn’t enough, or my level was too low. Well, we defeated the monster. Now let’s try to find some of that ore. Okay! She seemed chipper all of a sudden. I changed to the Pickax Shield for its collection ability 1, and made for the place on the map marked with an X. I swung the pickax, and when I did so a small X appeared on the wall, glowing. What was it? Was I supposed to look there? Yah! I swung the pickax as hard as I could. The wall cracked. The cracks spiderwebbed out, and the wall collapsed. Woah! The thing crumbled so quickly. I kept an eye on the fragile surroundings and started digging around for ore. … But it wasn’t very easy. I kept on swinging though, and eventually I unearthed a piece of shining ore. Light Metal? A type of ore called Light Metal, apparently. Would it sell for a lot of money? It looked very pure. There wasn’t very much, but we kept digging until early evening and eventually ended up with around ten pieces. It wasn’t very efficient. I let the shield absorb one. It said that it needed more. I offered it another. Light Metal Shield: conditions met Light Metal Shield: ability locked: equip bonus: defense 1 Special Effect: Magic Defense up    The defense rating was the highest one yet. If I was going to fight strong monsters, this was the shield to use. What do you think? Not much. Right. Okay then, let’s head back, Mr. %Name%. %char1% took my hand in hers and started walking. We have to stay alive. Yeah. I thought that much was obvious. I need to survive and get back to my own world. I didn’t want to die in a world as shitty as this one. We went back to Riyute and sold the ore. We got a good price for it. It should support our activities and equipment needs for a while.       PikyuPikyu Shield: conditions met Wood Shield: conditions met Butterfly Shield: conditions met Pipe Shield: conditions met etc… PikyuPikyu Shield: abilities locked: equip bonus: simple weapon restoration 1 Wood Shield: abilities locked: equip bonus: collection skill 1 Butterfly Shield: abilities locked: equip bonus: paralysis resistance 1 (small) Pipe Shield: abilities locked: equip bonus: skill: Shield Prison etc… It had been a week and a day. I’d learned a great number of skills by hunting the monsters, collecting medicines and ore, and allowing the shield to absorb them all in turn. There were so many new things appearing on my status screen that it was hard to keep up with it all. Wait! Noticing us, a prickled, needle-covered thing, which looked like a porcupine of some kind, ran off. %char1% and I ran after it. The both of us had been leveling up steadily. %char1% had reached level 25, and I was at level 20. %char1% had grown up very quickly. … And I was still fighting in tattered rags.    I was amazed that I was able to come this far without taking any damage. Was I that strong, or were they all that weak? But I had been hurt. I’d been overconfident in my abilities. I was fighting against the porcupine with a weak shield and suddenly felt a sharp pain. Due to my carelessness, he’d gotten a hit on me, and it had damaged me a little. Even though I’d been using the Alert Shield, he still managed to stick me. Oh, by the way, the Alert Shield would send out an alarm if an enemy came within twenty meters of me. So it would warn me if anything came near. It was not actually all that useful. It would tell you if there was a monster nearby, but it wouldn’t tell you where that monster was. Geez, that kind of hurt. I painted some medicine over the spurting wound. Of course it would hurt to get stuck with a needle. That’s normal. I’d gotten so used to not feeling any pain since I’d come to this place that I had started to forget what it was like. That’s what I was saying, Mr. %Name%. It’s really about time you got some better equipment for yourself. Nah, it’s because I was using a weak shield. Somehow, my shield managed to protect my entire body, despite appearing as a normal shield. So I didn’t really need to change the rest of my equipment. I mean, the center of the shield still seemed to be the strongest, but the rest of my body was protected too, so I hadn’t been hurt yet. The Sharpening Shield really was proving useful. Just like we’d thought, it would keep %char1%’s weapon sharp automatically. It would sharpen for eight hours. If you took the sword out beforehand, it wouldn’t do anything. But the major problem was that it ate up my SP the whole time. Whatever. Time to practice some of the other skills I’d learned. Air Strike Shield! The skill formed a giant shield in the air, with a range of about five meters.    It was mostly good for getting some distance from your opponent. The longer you left it deployed, the weaker it got. But it got stronger if you screamed for it. The porcupine reacted with surprise to the Air Strike Shield. But it immediately jumped to its feet and kept running. Damn… If it had stayed within five meters, I could have chased it down, but the little bugger was fast. Oh well. Shield Prison! The skill formed a large cage around the battlefield, with a diameter of about six meters. This time, I called for it, keeping the porcupine set as my target. The skill could be used to protect a target, or to restrain a target. But they were both defensive, so it couldn’t be used to deal damage directly. Yipe! The porcupine had nowhere to run and started to spin in circles within the cage. The cage would remain on the battlefield for fifteen seconds. As we waited, %char1% ran over to the cage, and waited for it to disappear. When it did, she stabbed the porcupine. Yipe! Got him! %char1% picked up the porcupine and came back over to where I was standing. Nice! EXP 48 %char1% EXP 48 Those numbers weren’t bad. The monsters could be absorbed into the shield directly, and that would unlock new forms, but it was better to divide up the haul. I hadn’t known that before, but I figured it out during the last week. Balloons, Mush, and Eggugs could all be used as materials. I was lucky to figure it out as fast as I did.    We broke down the Porcupine into needles, meat, skin, and bones. Any of them could be used for materials, so it was pretty useful. I let the shield absorb them separately. The bones could be used for all kinds of things. The skins gave you a status boost, but only if the skill tree and level were appropriate. The meat was for cooking. Eventually, it all started to come naturally. I was excited about the needles, because I already had a Porcupine Shield. Animal Needle Shield: conditions met Animal Needle Shield… A Needle Shield would probably have cool abilities. Animal Needle Shield: abilities locked: equip bonus: attack 1 Special Effect: Needle Shield (small) Finally! Now I could ataaaaaaaaaaaack! But yes, I realize that it was only level one. The special effect, Needle Shield (small), could have been anything, but I didn’t care because I’d stumbled on the shield tree for the attack statistic. Now all I really needed to find were some items that had a connection to the statistic, and I could finally start working on my attack level. The defense level was slightly lower than that of the Ore Shield, but I’m sure I could survive. What do you think? It looks like it will raise my attack stats. Excellent! But what about its defense rating? %char1% looked concerned about the possibility of my injury. It’s all right. Well, that’s good. Um… About my sword… It’s getting a little dull, and I… Fine. Let’s take a break from hunting and head back to town,    Yay! I changed to the Sharpening Shield and stuck %char1%’s sword into it. Sharpening… We’d been working hard, so our levels were rising quickly, and we’d made a good amount of money. Would you believe it… 230 pieces of silver! It was thanks to the Light Metals. Also the medicine was selling well, and the various collecting and fabrications skills that the shields gave me were definitely helping us make a decent profit. The main issue was that my life here was taking on the very same character that I used when I played online games. I guess that is only to be expected, considering that I was devoting so much of my time to making money. Not that money would make me any stronger… But I still needed it to survive. All right, let’s head back to town and get you some new equipment. … Mr. %Name%? Huh? She was smiling at me, somehow tense, kind of worried. I really do appreciate your offer to buy me new equipment, but before you do, shouldn’t you think a bit more about your own appearance? What, do I look weird? Aside from your Shield, you look just like a normal villager. Yeah well… I don’t really need much else. Can’t I get by with just a change of clothes? She grabbed my shoulders and smiled at me. Didn’t that porcupine hurt you? I told you, I was using a weak shield… It’s not a big deal. If we use our funds on your equipment, it’s better in the long run. But, Mr. %Name%… If you don’t take care of yourself, you’ll end up dead. Dead?! She had a grip on her sword, and she was getting forceful. I mean, the slave spell should keep her from actually hurting me… It’s time. It’s time that you took another look at yourself. You’ve taken this as far as you can. Well…    She was right. And come to think of it, the wave of destruction would probably come sometime in the next few days. I needed to be as strong as I could when it arrived. So, I guess that dressing like a villager would not inspire confidence in the public. The goal and the means were flipped around backwards. Geez… I had wanted to raise my attack level more… Forget about me for now. Let’s focus on getting you some better equipment, Mr. %Name%. Fine. We’ll buy some stuff and then use the leftover money on you. Okay. She was more comfortable with me than she had been, but she was getting cheeky. I wanted to remind her that she worked for ME, but she had learned the limits of her slave spell, and was now careful not to cross any lines. To put it simply, she was becoming a pain. But if she was capable of pointing out my shortfalls, that was something I needed too. If I thought about the future, I’d need someone like her around.       Well, if it isn’t our little Shield Hero. It’s been a week. Whenever we went back to Castle Town, we only visited the area of town with the shops. The weapon shop owner was, for whatever reason, staring at %char1% in surprise. It’s been a while, so maybe my memory has failed me… but you have certainly grown into a fine young woman, haven’t you? Huh? I had no idea what he was talking about. The old guy was talking nonsense. Yeah, and you’ve filled out a little too. You were all skin and bones the last time I saw you. Hey now, watch how you say that! %char1% was rubbing her hands together and laughing as she answered. Ugh, that attitude would drive me nuts. It reminded me of her... Gahahaha! You really raised her to be cute. Raised her? She just leveled up. A week ago, she’d been at level 10, but now she was at level 25. I suppose the levels were having an impact on her appearance. Huh… you’re not so friendly anymore, are you kid? I don’t know what you’re talking about. Anyone would look at her and see a cute girl of ten or so. I had been giving her good food lately, so she had put on a little weight, I guess. She was always complaining about being hungry, so whenever we killed a monster, I’d cook up some of its meat for her. I even worried about the nutritional balance, so I tried to use as many herbs and vegetables as I could when I cooked her meat. She had stopped coughing. The medicine I’d been giving her must have had an effect. What have you been up to this week? Just fighting?    One of the innkeepers taught me about table manners because I want to eat properly, like Mr. %Name%. Guess everything is going well then. The old guy seemed to be in a really chipper mood. Maybe I could use that to get a discount on our equipment. Keep buttering him up there, %char1%. So, what can I do you for today? We were looking to get some equipment. I said, pointing at %char1%. She suddenly scowled, and grabbed my shoulders. Oh? I thought we were here to get equipment for YOU? I know, I know. Relax, will you? Why are you freaking out? I think you know why. I was just trying to prepare for the wave, but whatever. Huh! Well now, I see just what kind of a guy you are, AND just what the girl here wants to say. I had no idea what these weirdos were talking about. We had already decided to buy equipment for me. Gotcha! So you’re looking for some defense, aren’t you? What’s your budget? Keep it under 180 pieces of silver. %char1% said, speaking before I could get a word in. Man, they were really starting to piss me off. If she spent all my money, we wouldn’t be able to get her any good weapons! Right, well… At a budget like that, you’re looking at some chainmail. Chainmail?! Ha! Before I even noticed, this pit of hatred and anger started roiling inside of me. I was suddenly sad, like I’d have to re-buy the equipment I’d already had. Well if my little Shield-Boy hates it that much… He scratched at his nose, understanding instantly why I was so angry. He started looking around for something else. It’s a little tight, considering your budget, but we might be able to manage some iron armor. He was pointing to something on the far wall.    There was a full plate of hammered iron. It looked like the sort of armor you see displayed in castles. I already knew what he would say though: the armor was heavy, you couldn’t move well in it, if you fall over, you can’t get back up, if you fall into a swamp, you’ll die trying to get out. They said all those things back in my world too. If you were strong enough, you’d be just fine, but the real problem is that it’s not an Air Wake piece. Air Wake? Yeah, it’s a type of production process that allows the piece to absorb the wearer’s magic power to keep the armor lighter than it really is. It’s pretty impressive, really. I see. I guess that meant that, in this world, armor that wasn’t made with Air Wake was pretty much impossible to move in. But no… He said that if I were strong enough, it would be okay. But I wasn’t very strong. It looks like if you took off the heavy parts, you could make it lighter, and cheaper… You know, I thought you might say that. You know me so well. You could just buy the breastplate, that would be cheap enough, but it wouldn’t protect you all that well. Right, well I do need defense, but if I can’t move than there’s no point to any of it. I could be a strong wall, but if I couldn’t move, how would I defend her? I decided to turn down any armor that would sacrifice my mobility. What about the Air Wake process? I wonder how much it would cost to have it done. Or… If you brought in some materials, I could have something custom made. Nice. I love stuff like that. You looked like you might… I think. The owner laid out a sheet of parchment that was scrawled with diagrams and material lists.    I can’t read it. I couldn’t read anything in this world. The shield was translating everything for me, so I never really had to think about it. The shop owner looked concerned as he explained the process. You’ll need to buy some cheap bronze and iron here. Then bring in some Usapil and Porcupine skins, and also some PikyuPikyu feathers. I already have the skins and feathers. %char1%, looking very pleased with herself, dug in our bag and pulled out the skins and feathers. We had been using them to make our beds warmer at night… But, oh well. They look a little beaten up, but nothing I can’t use. And what can you make with this stuff? Barbarian Armor. Defense-wise, it’s similar to beefed-up chainmail, but it’s a lot warmer, and protects a wider area. Hmmm… Barbarian Armor… Had a nasty ring to it.     Also, if you bring in some bones, we can add some magical effects to it. But that can be done later, so just bring the stuff in when you get it. Thanks. It’s a big help. Okay, so we’ll go get some bronze and iron. Yeah! Let’s go! Let’s go right now! %char1% nearly exploded with excitement. She grabbed my hands and pulled me along. What are you so excited about? Because now you’ll get to look like a real Hero. We need to hurry! Um…Well, okay. I guess, like she’d said, I really did just look like a normal villager. Not that the Barbarian Armor would make me look classy—but it would be better than nothing. We visited the blacksmith and bought some bronze and iron. I guess the weapon shop had some agreement with the blacksmith, as I got the materials for a lower price than I had been expecting. And that guy, too, kept saying how he’d lower the price for me because %char1% was so cute, and so charming, and so on. The blacksmith was looking down at her and smiling, and when she noticed she smiled back and waved her hands at him. It made me want to start a lecture on the Lolita complex, and how prevalent it appeared to be in this world. Well, that was easy. We got the stuff. You’re such a hard worker, little Shield-Boy. Sure, but I think that your friends all have a Lolicon. I’d like to point out two or three of them. Lolicon? What are you talking about? You don’t know? I thought my shield would translate it for me. Nah, I understand. I just don’t think I know anyone who falls for little girls. Everyone kept saying they’d lower the price because of how cute %char1% is. Hey now… You mean, you really don’t know? Know what? Now, now… No need to go into all that. %char1% was vigorously shaking her head.    The old guy sighed heavily, like he couldn’t believe what he was hearing, then narrowed his eyes and sent them in my direction. I’ll have it finished for you by tomorrow. Do me a favor and wait until then. That’s fast. I figured it would take at least a few days. That’s how long I take for people I don’t know, but you? You’re my little Shield Hero.  I suppose I should thank you. Ahaha, now I’m embarrassed. Now I just felt stupid for expressing my gratitude. Fine, and how much does order-made armor cost? Including the price for the metals… I can do it for 130 pieces of silver. I’ll even throw in modification options for that price. You mean the bones? And I just need to bring them in? That’s right. Then I’ll modify it for free, but I can’t go any cheaper on this. That’s fair. Sounds fine. I took 130 pieces of silver from my pouch and passed them to him. Thanks. By the way, what weapons can we get for 90 pieces of silver? You mean for the lass? Yeah. The sword she’d been using was now fully sharpened. And we still had the old, rusty one. I took it out. %char1%. Yes. She unsheathed the sword at her waist, and laid it on the counter. We’ll trade these in too, if we can. Well, well, looks like you took good care of it this time. My shield did. I’d developed a habit of putting the sword into the Sharpening Shield when we slept, so it was always fresh in the morning. It stayed very sharp. That’s a nice Shield you got there. I want one for myself. Yeah, but I can’t use any weapons. My attack power was so low that I was basically just a defense wall.    If he was cool with that, then I’d have given him the shield right then. Not that I could, had I wanted to. That makes things tough. He let out a vulgar, deep laugh that really got on my nerves. I changed the subject. That old, rusted sword looks a lot better now. This shield has some amazing skills. He looked impressed, and turned the blade over in his hands, inspecting it. Right… hmm… I guess I could probably bear to part with a magic iron sword. I remember hearing of it. It was better than what she had now. I’m sure that it is treated with a Blood Clean coating, right? Ah, sure. I’ll do it for free. Besides, I can see how hard you’re working. He was a nice guy. Thinking back on things, he’d helped me, consistently, from the beginning. Thank you… I gave him my heartfelt thanks. Sure kid. Your eyes are looking the same as they did when we first met. That’s good. You’ve shown me something good. He looked pleased, and he passed the magic iron sword to %char1%. Anyone can be stronger if they have stronger weapons. But if your abilities aren’t up to the task, you have to feel bad for the poor weapon. I know that you two won’t put this to waste. Good luck, and keep it up, girl. Thanks! Her eyes were shining when she slipped the sword into the sheath on her belt. All right then, come back around this time tomorrow. Okay. Thank you so much! Get out of here. So we left the weapon shop. Once outside, we saw how high the sun was in the sky and realized it was time to get lunch. Nothing I ate tasted of anything, but I still got hungry.    After all the shopping, we had 10 pieces of silver left. A whole week of work gone, just like that! Oh well. If the new weapon was that much better, then I could think of it as an investment. And there are plenty of ways to make money. Hey, want to go to that restaurant we went to last time? Can we? Sure, and you can eat whatever you want. Oh stop it! You know, I’m not a little kid anymore. She had been so happy all day, but her mood switched on me almost instantaneously. Why do kids always have to act like they are adults? I guess she was a entering her rebellious phase. Fine, fine, I get it. But you want to eat though. So let’s go. Mr. %Name%, you just don’t listen, do you? Whatever, you don’t have to pretend to be an adult. Come on… I mean, you want to eat, don’t you? So what? You think that you’re all powerful, and you can just be nice to me and everything will be great? I don’t need your charity! Oh geez… another angry kid. We went into the restaurant with the kid’s meal. Welcome! The staff had gotten a lot nicer. They led us to a table. I wonder if it was because of the haircut I’d given %char1%. It was pretty bad the last time we came here. I’ll have your cheapest lunch. She wants the kid’s meal with the little flag on it. Mr. %Name%! The waitress looked at the menu, and then back and forth from %char1% to me. She looked like she was in an awkward position. Actually, I’ll have the cheapest lunch too. Oh, yes. Right away. What’s gotten into you? You really don’t like it? I told you, I’m just fine. Hmmm… Oh well, I would just have to let her do what she wanted.    That was my responsibility when you got right down to it. And I had told her that she could get whatever she wanted.       The next day, we stopped by the weapon shop. Hey, there you are, little Shield Hero. So, did you finish the armor? Right on, I sure did. Finished it a while ago. He pulled out a piece of armor from behind the counter. It looked aggressive and wild. I could see why they called it the Barbarian Armor. The sleeve holes were lined with fluffy fur, no doubt from the Usapils, and the chest was formed from a heavy looking plate of metal. The parts that were not covered with metal plating were lined with Porcupine skin. I put my hand inside, and found that the interior was formed of two layers of skin, and was stuffed with PikyuPikyu feathers. …So I wear this thing? It looked like something… like something a pirate leader or a gang leader might wear. The name seemed fitting, and I think it would make me look like a real apocalyptic headhunter. What’s wrong there, young-in? Nothing… It just looks like… something only bad people would wear. Little late to complain about that, isn’t it? What was that supposed to mean? Did it mean that everyone already thought I was the lowest of criminals? I guess I wasn’t in a position to choose my path to money, but this was a little ridiculous. I think it will look good on you, Mr. %Name%. %char1%…shut up. She sure was getting loquacious. Anyway, hurry up and try it on. Ugh… I’d really rather not, but I guess you made it for me and all… Oh well. I went into the fitting room and slipped into it.    He had never taken my measurements or anything, but it fit perfectly. I was surprised. The guy really was a professional. He must have judged my size just from looking at me. I left the fitting room, and stood before the two of them. Well, your face seems nice enough, but that armor makes the look in your eyes seem dangerous. What do you mean, ‘the look in my eyes’? That sulky look you’ve got. Geez, these people were starting to piss me off. I think you look really cool, Mr. %Name%! %char1% was beaming. I shot her a nasty look. If she thought she could just do whatever she wanted, she was in for something else… What is it? She asked me, normal-like. Like she had no idea. Was she raised in a barn? Oh, right, she was a demi-human. She might have had a different aesthetic than I did. I checked my status screen, and sure enough: The armor had the same defense rating as the chain mail had. It actually looked like it was a little better. I looked at the old guy, and he winked at me. I wonder if that meant that he had imbued it with a special effect for free. Oh… Um… Thank you. To be honest, it really didn’t fit with my fashion sense, but if the waves were coming, I needed to have good equipment. Or at least that’s what I told myself. So where are you two off to now? Never mind. It seems like everyone is on edge in town. Probably because the waves are coming. But where, and when, will they arrive? Huh? You mean you don’t know? Know what? If the weapon shop owner knew and I didn’t, that meant that the country really wasn’t very serious about staving off the disaster. I cursed them all under my breath. Then I turned to hear what the guy had to say.    You know how the kingdom’s clock tower faces the general square? I guess so. You mean that building on the edge of town? Right. Inside that tower is the Dragon Hourglass. When the sands fall, the four Heroes, and those who fight with them, will be sent to the place of the destruction. Oh yeah? I’m sure that the other heroes and that woman already knew all this. I don’t know when it will be, but you can go look for yourself. I guess you’re right, If no one knew when, or where, we would be transported… that seemed like a crappy situation to be in. Just to make sure, I had better go check it out. Later, old man. Sure. Bye. We said our thanks, and made for the clock tower. It was visible from most of town, but the closer we got, the higher and higher it seemed to grow. There was a large building, something like a church with a domed roof, and the clock tower extended from the top of the dome. The doors to the building were open, and people came and went as they pleased. There were women dressed like nuns, and they shot me dubious glances. They must have heard the rumors. You would be the Shield Hero, correct? Yes. I heard that the time was coming up, so I came to see it myself. Well then, follow me. She led me deeper into the church, and there in the center was a giant hourglass. It looked to be around seven meters tall. It was covered in detailed decorations that lent the whole thing a holy, mystical feel. It made me feel… on edge. As I looked at it, I noticed this instinctual, powerful shock of emotion running through my body. The sand was… red. It was streaming down in silence. I could tell that it was running out of time.    I heard a high-pitched beep, and a beam of light shot out from my shield to illuminate a jewel that was affixed to the center of the hourglass. Then a small clock appeared in the corner of my field of vision. 20:12 I waited a moment and, sure enough, the 12 changed to an 11. So that’s how it worked. It was a way of precisely displaying the time. They wanted me to consider the time when I made my decisions. And yet… if there were only twenty hours left, there was only so much I could do. If I went and picked herbs in the fields, I’d run out of time. But I would probably need some medicine. Woah, is that %Name%?! There it was, from the back of the room, a voice I really didn’t want to hear. I turned to look, and there was the Spear Hero, %char6%, walking over to me, attended by a gaggle of women. I didn’t like the guy. I wanted to kill him, then and there, but I held myself back. Are you getting ready for that wave? He sickened me. He sauntered over condescendingly. Oh hey, are you still fighting in rags like that? What the hell? Just whose fault did he think that was? It was HIS, and that woman and their plotting. %char6% looked like a completely different person from how he had appeared only one month prior. He was clearly at a higher level, and with much nicer equipment. It wasn’t iron, it was shinny, like it was made from silver, and beneath it he was wearing a beautiful crimson set of clothing. It was probably imbued with all sorts of great skills. Through the breaks in his armor, I could see the chainmail. He was obviously thinking seriously about his defense. The Legendary Spear had changed as well. No longer some flimsy thing, the new spear looked vicious and powerful, and I had to admit the design was pretty cool. And the tip was… well, it looked sharp. … It wasn’t worth wasting my breath on him. I turned my back on him and the hourglass.    Hey! Mr. %char6% is speaking to you! You should listen. There it was, the source of all my anger and bloodlust. That woman was speaking out from behind him, sticking her tongue out, mocking me. I would make her regret it. I had to. Mr. %Name%? Who might this be? %char1% pointed at %char6%. … Instead of answering her question, I opted to leave. I started to walk off. But as I did, I saw %char5% and Ren appear in the doorway. Geez. Ah, %char6% and… %Name%. %char5% look instantly annoyed to see us, but quickly recovered his bearings and spoke softly and respectfully. … Ren said nothing, just stayed cool and kept walking in my direction. He too, looked much stronger than he had the last time I saw him. They all had a crowd of party members following them around. Suddenly, I noticed that the room containing the hourglass had gotten very crowded. 4+12+1. There 4 of us, the summoned heroes. Then the kingdom had supplied 12 adventurers. And then there was %char1%. With 17 people in it, the room felt packed and uncomfortable. Um… Hey, who’s the girl? She’s so cute! %char6% was pointing at %char1%. He really had a hankering for the girls, didn’t he? If the heroes themselves were after young girls here, was there any hope for the country at all? He stuck his nose in the air, sauntered over to %char1%, and began to introduce himself. Very pleased to meet you, my dear. I am one of the four Heroes summoned to this realm, and my name is %char6%. I thought it would be best to make your acquaintance. Oh… So you are one of the Heroes?    He looked deep into %char1%’s eyes as he nodded. And what was your name, little one? Um… She looked confused, lost. She turned to catch my eye, then she looked back to %char6%. Ra…%char1%. Please to make your acquaintance. She was trying to figure out my relationship to them, I could tell. She was sweating. She was probably thinking of abandoning me and running to %char6%’s side. I swear, all I wanted to do was get out of there. How long did I have to stand around and be insulted by these people? May I ask for what purpose you have visited this place today? You are wearing rather nice armor, and are gripping a nice sword. I need them to fight alongside Mr. %Name%. Oh yeah? With %Name%? %char6% shot me a suspicious look. …What? Where did you steal this cutie? He was so condescending. I can’t think of a reason I need to tell YOU anything. And here I thought you’d be coming alone. %char1%, the nice girl, must be spoiling you. Imagine whatever you want. Just seeing these people, these stupid heroes and that woman, made me sick. It made me hate the whole world. I started walking toward the entrance that Ren and %char5% were blocking. They parted and made room for me to pass. We’ll see you when the wave comes. Try not to hold us back. %char5%’s cold, business-like response, and Ren’s obnoxious, over-thetop confidence wore on my nerves. I turned my back on them. I turned to see %char1% following me out, her gaze wandering over the crowd as she walked. Let’s go. Oh. Yes, Mr. %Name%!    When she heard my voice, she snapped back to reality, and was her old, energetic self again. God, they had made me so miserable. We finally left the room, then the town, and made our way out into the surrounding fields. Mr. N…%Name%? What happened? Nothing… Um… What? Nothing… She could tell I was upset, but she kept her eyes on the ground and followed me in silence. … A balloon came rushing at us. %char1% unsheathed her sword. Let me do it this time. Um… But… It’s fine! %char1% jumped back at my angry shout. The balloon was right in front of me. Take THAT! And THAT! Dammit! Dammmmmmmmmmmit! I kept hitting the thing to blow off my steam, and slowly started to come back to myself. In the corner of my field of view, the clock kept ticking. 18:01 There were eighteen hours left. What could I do in only eighteen hours? There was nothing I could do… but walk around the fields, gathering medicinal herbs and fighting balloons. I turned the herbs into medicine, and tried to prepare for the coming wave. Later on that day, when we were back at the inn, %char1% came over to me and spoke, hesitantly. Mr. %Name%?    … What? Those people we met at the hourglass today… They were Heroes just like you, right? … Yeah. I didn’t want to think about it. Why remind me, after all the effort I’d put into forgetting it? Can you tell me? Just what happened between you all? I don’t want to talk about it. If you want to know, just go ask down at the bar. Even if I told the truth, it’s not like anyone would believe me. She wouldn’t either. But the biggest difference between them all was that %char1% was my slave. If she disobeyed my orders, or tried to run, or to fight me off, then the slave curse would hurt her. When she realized that I wasn’t going to talk about it, %char1% stopped asking. For the rest of the night, until we fell asleep, I kept on making medicines. The wave would be here soon.       00:17 The wave of destruction would be here in seventeen minutes. Everyone in town must have already known. The knights and adventurers were prepared for battle, and the citizens were locked up in their houses. Apparently when the clock ran out the heroes, of which I was one, would be instantly transported to the site of the wave. The same magic would affect our party members as well, so %char1% would be transported with me. I chose to use the Light Metal Shield, as it had the highest defense rating so far. The wave will be here soon, %char1%. Yes! She seemed on edge, electrified. She nodded. At least she was serious about it. Mr. %Name%, do you mind if we talk for a minute? Sure, whatever. What’s up? It’s just that… thinking of the wave and all that, it makes me feel emotional. What was she getting at? Is she afraid of death or something? Of course I’d be in trouble if she died, so I needed to protect her, but… Geez, maybe I’d read too much manga. This place wasn’t a game, and it wasn’t a book. It was real. More than anything else, the other heroes had such good equipment. I didn’t even know if I’d be able to stand up to the destruction with the equipment I had. I might end up hurt. If I got out of it with just injuries, I suppose that was something to be grateful for. But I might end up dead. If I did, the people of this world would, no doubt, look at my body and think: He got what he deserved.    I needed to stop thinking about it. I wasn’t fighting for anyone but myself. I was fighting to stay alive for another month. We talked about it before, remember? What happened to me before you bought me? It was awful. To sum it up in a word: hell. Everyday, someone would be bought, and then returned. It happened to %char1%, too. In the beginning, they’d probably planned to make her a servant. She’d been picked up by a wealthy family. They were probably planning on teaching her all kinds of things. Then she would cry in the night, cry out at her nightmares. And she’d get returned, just like that. Her next owner was the same. He started to teach her all these different jobs, but when she started to cry he’d sold her off. The last owner, the one before me, was the worst. He bought her, beat her to pieces with a rod, and then sold her off. Then she started to cough, and prepared herself for death, thinking it wasn’t far off. I wasn’t at all surprised to hear that there were so many abusive creeps in this world. She said that just as she was sinking into sickness, just as her nightmares had torn her heart to shreds, just as she had no idea how many more times she’d be bought, that’s when I showed up. I’m… I feel really lucky to have met you, Mr. %Name%. … Okay. Because you taught me how to live. … Okay. I was tolerating her speech, thinking of it, halfway at least, as a job. Because I didn’t care. All I cared about was staying alive. And you gave me a chance, a chance to face the wave. … Okay. So I’ll do all I can, for you. I am your sword, and I will stay by your side. Okay… Do your best.    Afterwards, I realized how rude I’d been. But, at the moment, it was all I was capable of. 00:01 There was only one minute left. I braced myself, and prepared to be transported. 00:00 BOOM! An enormous sound echoed through the world. In an instant, the scenery around me changed. I guess we’d been transported. The sky… The sky was filled with crevices, like a turtle shell, and was stained a terrible, deep red. This is… I looked around to try and get a sense of my surroundings when I suddenly saw three shadows. And they were followed by twelve people. It was those damn heroes. They had been transported, just like me, so I shouldn’t be surprised. But where were they going? I looked in the direction they were running and also saw huge crowds of monsters surging from the cracks in the sky. We are near Riyute! %char1% had figured out where we were. This is a farming town. There are a lot of people here! But the evacuations should… Suddenly I returned to myself. They didn’t know where the waves were going to be, so how could they evacuate? Wait a second, you guys! They ignored me, and kept running toward the source of the wave. I saw large clouds of monsters spilling out from the cracks, like baby spiders, and they were all crawling toward the town.    Just then, I saw the other heroes shoot some kind of shining ball up into the sky, though I didn’t know what it was. Maybe it was so the knights could find us. Damn! All right, %char1%, go to the town! The people of Riyute had been good to us. If they all died in the wave, I’d lose sleep over it. Okay! We ran, but in a different direction than the other heroes.     We arrived at the village at what appeared to be the exact moment that the monsters were starting to wreak havoc. The knights and adventurers that had beaten us there where fighting back as best they could manage, but it appeared to be futile…The line was faltering and looked like it might break at any moment. %char1%, help evacuate the villagers. But… What will you do? I’ll distract them! I ran for the defense line and jumped right into the thick of it. There was a crowd of monsters, like locusts, and I started attacking them with my shield. The hits registered with a reverberating, metallic sound, and seemed to do no damage at all. But they started to take notice of me. It was just like leveling up with %char1%. Queeee! The locusts swarmed and came flying in my direction. There were other monsters too, like giant bees, and what looked like zombies. Clang! Clang! Clang! Whether it was because of my shield, or because of the Barbarian Armor, I couldn’t tell. But I wasn’t taking any damage. H…Hero! Listen up! I’m drawing the monsters off, so use the chance to escape! I saw a number of faces that I recognized. O…Okay! Everyone backed off and ran, leaving me to hold the line alone. Hey… What was wrong with these people? I was ready to sigh in annoyance, but the monsters came at me with their fangs and claws.    I could hear clashing and clanging, but I wasn’t taking damage. I could feel them crawling over me, their legs prickling at my skin. It made me sick. I kept on hitting them. Clang! Seriously, what was wrong with the people? The wave of destruction had just come, but I was already annoyed with them all. H…Help!! The owner of the inn that we’d stayed at was being chased by monsters. The monster’s claws were about to pierce right through him, but just before they did, I shouted: Air Strike Shield! The shield appeared in the air to protect the innkeeper. With it just appearing in mid-air, the guy was surprised, and he turned to look at me. Run! Th…Thank you! He stuttered out his gratitude. Then he ran away with his family. Yaaaaaaaaaah! A scream shot across the field, like tearing silk. I turned to look, and there was a woman running madly, on the verge of being overtaken by a hoard of monsters. She came relatively close by and… Shield Prison! The cage appeared and protected the running woman. At the sudden appearance of the cage the monsters turned their attention towards me. That’s it. I’m right here. Come after me, just me. Before the effect of the skill wore off, I drew the attention of the monsters and ran. Huff... Huff… Who else has been left behind?! I was looking around quickly, trying to find any stragglers when, all of a sudden, a monster came charging at me. I immediately threw up my shield to block the attack, and there was a shower of fireworks. A zombie… According to the information my shield was displaying, it was called an Inter-Dimensional Zombie.    It was nothing like the locusts and bees I’d been fighting up until that point. It held a weapon in both hands, and it was wearing armor. Damn! Well, I’ve got no choice… At the very least, I needed to keep his attention on me until %char1% could complete the evacuation of the village. But if I had a choice in the matter, it would be smarter to fight over where the other heroes were fighting. Enemies continued to erupt from the cracks in the sky. If I could get even one of them to pay attention to me, my life would be that much easier. Hey, zombies, over here! You guys stink! I started to run faster. The locusts, bees, and zombies were chasing me, and they had other monsters with them. But they all ran at different speeds, so certain monsters pulled ahead of the others. The problem was that none of them were very fast, so they set their sights on the nearest target: me. Damn, not you all too! I felt relatively safe, thanks to the shield. I really wanted to avoid their attacks if I could, but that didn’t seem possible this time. But I had to stop their advancement. First, I would stop the attacks from head-on, then try to push back. If only %char1% were there. It didn’t seem like it would do anyone any good to stand there and continue to be attacked. But if I didn’t have a way to fight back, I didn’t have a way to fight back. All I could do was what I could do… Air Strike Shield! The shield appeared in the air. The monsters had me surrounded. They’d formed a ring around me. If they all came at me at once, I wasn’t sure I’d be able to hold them off. If they all came at once…. Hah! I climbed over a zombie and jumped up onto the Air Strike Shield. Then I ran to the other side, where there were less monsters, and jumped down, my shield at the ready. Damn… The locusts were all over me. I shook them off, but I could only dislodge a few of the disgusting things. They were starting to weigh    me down, Damn! I don’t think my previous strategy would work again. I couldn’t jump out of the way. If I couldn’t get any distance from them, I could… Animal Needle Shield! This shield came with a special effect, the Animal Needle Shield (small). Apparently if an enemy attacked the shield where it was covered in needles, it would take damage. The main problem was that its defense rating was lower than what I had been using. And any damage it dealt was sure to be insignificant. Even still, it was the only option I had for dealing any damage at all. It wasn’t like I didn’t have a shield with a counter ability, but I didn’t think that it would be effective against groups of enemies. Take that! I ran at the monsters, and tried to punch them with my shield. Clang! There it was again, that ineffectual sound. So apparently I really couldn’t hope to do any damage with my attacks. I returned my focus to deflecting attacks. When I did, the shield shot out needles that stuck into the enemies. It wasn’t much, but it made them pause in their tracks and created a space in the line. All I could do was use that to my advantage and try to buy some time. This one could be trouble… There was a zombie there, flinging his weapons madly. He had an axe in his hand, and before I could block it with my shield, it bit a deep into my shoulder. Ahh! A searing pain shot through my shoulder, and blood sprayed from the wound. I fell back a few paces. It hurt. Why did I have to subject myself to this? Why did I have to get hit with an axe to defend people that ridiculed me? It made me feel like a fool. Calm down… Think.    The problem wasn’t only that I failed to block the attack, it’s that I was using a weak shield. But If I used a shield with a higher defense rating, I’d be unable to inflict any damage on the enemy. Damn! Shields are so hard to use! Hero! What the hell? What are you doing here? You’re in my way! Get the hell out of here! There were a number of men from the village there, armed with farming tools. Among them were some of the people I had just helped. But you are all by yourself, Hero! That was THEIR fault, not mine! Did they think I was alone because I wanted to be? That adventurer I’d helped to escape was there with them. This is our village! We can’t just leave it! Fine then! I will be the shield. Help me defend the line until the evacuation is complete! Get into a proper formation so that I can protect you, and let’s get them! Yes sir! Honestly, I needed the help. Not only was I unable to attack on my own, but working as a group would put us in a different league. Working with %char1% had made that very clear. I changed back to the Light Metal Shield, and me and the other villagers ran to draw the attention of the monsters. Get an attack in and back off. We’ll break up their advance. Then I’ll jump in and take their attacks. Yes sir! To protect them, I ran to the front of the formation and took the enemy attacks with my shield. They used their farming tools to attack the monsters, poking at them from behind me. One jab wouldn’t do it, but after getting hit ten or twenty times, the monsters started to fall. Squeee! If the monsters went to attack the villagers behind me, I jumped in place to block them.    Relax! I’ll take all of the damage with my shield. You all just focus on attacking the monsters! They looked relieved. At the very least I figured it was safe to assume that they understood they were going to be protected. They say in battle that whoever shouts the largest will amass followers. I suppose that was what was happening. But that was good for me. Just like I’d said, if they would help me, I’d protect them. But even still… There are so many monsters. When is that evacuation going to wrap up?! What are the other Heroes doing? Ha! They’re fighting the waves and ignoring the people! But they… One of the villagers fainted when they heard that. Just then, I saw a large shadow appear on the ground. And that man was flung away in a heartbeat. Ugh… There was a giant zombie there. Compared to the other zombies, he was not only bigger but was wearing more extravagant armor and carried a larger axe.     I stopped one of his attacks with my shield, but it was so powerful that it made me dizzy, and I reeled back. Like I would die here! I grit my teeth and tried to focus. If I lost my footing, I might really die. This guy was way stronger than the others. Even though he hadn’t really landed a direct blow, I still took damage. He was unbelievably powerful. Are you okay? Huff… Yes… But… Hero? I’m fine! You all back off! I’m not sure if I can protect you all from this guy! But! Were these villagers even listening to what I was saying?! Just then… Mr. %Name%! %char1% was there, sword in hand, ready to fight. %char1%! You’re just in time! We’re taking this guy down. All right! We both turned to the giant zombie, and I held up my shield in preparation. I’ll draw his attacks with my shield, and you focus on attacking, just like we’ve done the whole time. All right. The zombie, while much bigger than his compatriots, didn’t seem that much more skilled. He turned his gaze to me and swung his enormous axe. I took the shock head-on. I couldn’t avoid his attacks lest he decided to turn his attention to %char1% instead. And if I had dodged them, it would throw off the rhythm, and %char1% would end up confused as well. The giant zombie raised his axe to strike, and %char1% dashed in to jab him with her sword. I stopped his axe with my shield, but due to %char1%’s strike, the swing wasn’t as strong as before. Yes! We might have a chance.    %char1%, this guy likes to attack whatever is nearby. Once you stick him, back off, and once I draw his attack, rush in for another shot! Yes! W…Woah… The gathered villagers let their emotion slip out. Which reminded me, we needed to get them out of there. You’re still here? Get out of here! I appreciate your help, but now you are just getting in the way! The whole reason I’m here is to keep people like you from dying! O…Okay… They seemed scared by my sudden outburst and nodded as they slowly began to back way. Just as they seemed to be at a safe distance, I had a sudden bad feeling in my gut. %char1%! I ran to her and threw my cape around her, hugging her close. Mr. %Name%?! I changed my shield to the Light Metal Shield for its strong defense rating. An instant later, fire rained down on us. I saw the group of knights that had arrived through a break in the monsters. There were magic users among them, and they had thrown a Fire Rain spell in our direction. Hey! We’re on your side! The flames stopped immediately, but the monsters were all ablaze. There were so many insects, and they caught fire very easily. Apparently not only my physical defense rating was high, but my magic defense was high as well. Either that, or I owed it to the special effect of the Light Metal Shield. The giant zombie let out a deafening scream through the rain of fire and fell over. I watched the line burn and, still in disbelief that they would fire on their allies, walked in their direction, shaking the embers from my cape and glaring at the assembled knights. The Shield Hero, eh? You’re tough.    Someone who appeared to be the leader of the knights spat in my direction as I approached. %char1%’s sword flew from her sheath and she pointed at the knight who’d spit at us. What are you planning to do to Mr. %Name%? Your life depends on your answer! There was hatred burning in her eyes. You with the Shield Hero? Yes, I’m his sword! Show him the respect he deserves! Ah, a classy demi-human wants to fight with the kingdom’s knights? You spit on the people you have sword to protect and hurl flames at %Name%, who is supposed to be your compatriot! I don’t care if you’re a knight, I don’t respect behavior like that! Well, you survived just fine. Just fine?! As they fought over the particulars, the other knights formed a circle around %char1%. Shield Prison! Y…You! The leader of the knights was firmly shut in the cage. I glared at the rest of the knights. What kind of knight would attack their allies? The enemy is coming from those waves. Don’t get confused about who you are fighting! At my shout, many of the knights looked surprised before they turned their faces away. Pretty self-righteous for a criminal. The monsters were aflame at the line, and they crawled in my direction to attack. The knights watched me defend against them all, and the color drained from their faces. I was the Shield Hero, after all. They weren’t going to be able to defend the line on their own. %char1%, is the evacuation finished? Not yet, it will take a little longer. Damn. Then hurry up and finish it! But… Yes, they rained fire down on us, but I didn’t take any damage. But, if they plan to continue condescending to me…    I tapped her on the shoulder and glared at the knights. I’ll kill them. I don’t care how. But if I have to, I’ll feed you to the monsters and run. I don’t know if I’d managed to intimidate them, but they took a deep breath and stopped in the middle of summoning a spell. All right %char1%, we can’t start fighting until the evacuation is completed. The villagers are getting in the way. Yes, there are a lot of enemies, but it’s fine. Surprisingly, it looked like I could hold them off for the time being. Okay! She nodded, and ran off in the direction of the village. Damn! So that’s your plan, eh, Shield Hero? Just as the effect of the Shield Prison wore off, the knight leader yelled condescendingly at me. Oh, were you planning on dying? There were monsters crawling up and swarming behind me. It looked like they were finally realizing that they needed me. The fools finally shut up and backed down. I swear, there wasn’t a good man to be found in the whole world. If I weren’t the Shield Hero, if I could do something besides protect people, I certainly wouldn’t have stayed to save them. Soon enough, we had managed to halt the progress of the monsters, and to beat them back. We managed to get a foothold and dealt with most of them. After %char1% finished evacuating the useless villagers, she came back to the line and handled attacking. The knights supported us, and eventually the cracks in the sky closed, but it took a number of hours. That pretty much takes care of it. Yeah, the boss was easy enough. Yes, if this is all we are up against, the next wave should be a simple matter. The other heroes, who’d handled the majority of the offense, were talking about the boss, which apparently had been some kind of undead chimera.    That was easy enough for them to say. They’d left the protections and evacuation of the villagers to the knights and the adventurers. They’d been here for a whole month, but they were still acting like they were in a game. I decided to ignore them and their foolishness and just focus on relief, relief at having won and at having survived. The sky was the same as it had ever been. It was filled with the colors of sunset. I was safe for at least another month. I hadn’t taken much damage. It must have been a weak wave. I wasn’t sure if I’d be so lucky the next time. If I wasn’t, what would happen? Very good work, Heroes. Thanks to your efforts we were able to overcome the threat posed by the wave. In thanks, the king has prepared a feast. You will be compensated for your efforts there, so please come. I didn’t want to go. But I didn’t have any money. So I fell in line with everyone else and followed them. That’s right. He’d said that support funds were to be provided every month. 500 pieces of silver. That sounded like an awful lot of money to me. Um… Uh… The Riyute villagers had spotted me. What? Thank you so much. If you hadn’t been here, we wouldn’t have been able to save everyone. You would have figured something out. No. Another villager disagreed. I’m only alive because you were here. Think whatever you want. We will! They all bowed to me and left. The village was severely damaged. Rebuilding was sure to be long and difficult. So they hated me the whole time but would thank me when I saved them. They were flippant little things. Whatever. It was better than being treated like a criminal. Mr. %Name%.    After the long battle, %char1% was covered in mud and sweat, but she was smiling as she ran up to me. We did it. Everyone is thankful. Great. Thanks to you, there won’t be any more orphans like me. Sure. I didn’t know if it was just relief at the end of a long battle, or if she was reminded of her own past or something, but there were tears in her eyes. I… I did what I could. I tried… You did good. I rubbed her head. She was right. She’d done everything I said, and she fought hard. I needed to let her know she’d done well. I killed a lot of monsters. You did great. Ahaha She looked so happy, and laughed, which I thought was a little strange. I didn’t let it bother me though, and we made for the castle. Excellent work, Heroes! I’m truly shocked! We suffered far less damages than last time! The sun had fallen and night had come. We were gathered at the feast the king had prepared for us in the castle. I didn’t know how many people had died in the last wave, but apparently the deaths this time could be expressed with a single digit. Certainly he wasn’t going to suggest that any of us were more responsible for the new outcome than the others. Granted, the other heroes had taken out a lot of enemies, so I wouldn’t suggest that it was all thanks to me. And yet… I didn’t honestly think we would get off so easily the next time. The hourglass had transported us to someplace nearby, which certainly was a help. Had it been further out, somewhere that the knights would not have been able to get to so quickly, what would have happened then? There was so much to learn. I opened the help screen.    Fighting the Waves: As long as the preparations are made beforehand, you may arrange for any number of people to be transported along with you. Did it mean that I could have arranged for all the knights to be automatically transported with us? Maybe. Maybe none of the heroes had arranged to have me show up. But it seems none of the other three heroes had made those arrangements either. Why? If they knew the game, and how it worked, why wouldn’t they have arranged for the knights to go with them? They probably just thought the wave would be simple enough. Either that, or they’d been lazy about reading the rules. That was probably it. Regardless, they were fools. It was a huge feast, but I sat in a corner and disaffectedly ate my food. This looks delicious! There were mountains of food that she normally wouldn’t have the opportunity to eat. Her eyes sparkled as she looked it all over. Eat whatever you want. Okay! I couldn’t afford to give her great food all the time, so she should eat whatever she could when she had the chance. Besides, it was thanks to her that we fared so well during the battle. Oh… But if I eat too much, I’ll get fat! You’re still growing. Um… She looked concerned. Just eat. Mr. %Name%... Do you like fat girls? What? What was she talking about? Oh, nothing. Just the thought of women made me remember that woman. I couldn’t even think about liking women right then. Honestly, they just repulsed me.    Oh right. I forgot. That’s the kind of person you are, Mr. %Name%. She sighed, as if surrendering to something, and reached out for the food. It’s delicious, Mr, %Name%. Good. Yes. This whole banquet was stupid. I wish I could just get paid and get the heck out. It pissed me off just to see so many jerks in one place. Now that I think about it, the reward might not even come until tomorrow. Was it a waste to have even come? No. At the very least we saved on the cost of food. Apparently %char1% was concerned about her weight, but the truth was that she was still growing, and she ate a lot. If only I had some plastic food storage containers or something. We could take leftovers with us. Without any refrigeration, the food would only last until tomorrow. Maybe I could get the cook to wrap some stuff up for me later on. Maybe he could give me some left over stable goods too. As I was thinking all this over, my mortal enemy, %char6%, was pushing his way through the throngs of people and coming over in my direction. What did he want this time? The thought of talking to him made my stomach turn, so I tried to avoid him by walking off into the crowd. He followed me, glaring the whole time. Hey! %Name%! What? Very purposefully, he removed one of his gloves and threw it in my direction. I think… Yes, that was supposed to signify a duel. The crowd erupted in surprise at %char6%’s next exclamation. I challenge you to a duel! What the hell are you talking about? He’d finally lost it. Sounds just like the kind of person that spent too much time in games. Then again, he was the kind of animal that would leave people to die while he goes off to fight a boss. Some hero.    I heard all about it! That girl with you, %char1%, she’s a slave! He was seething with anger. He thrust his finger at me and shouted at the top of his lungs. Huh? %char1% made a weird noise. She had a plate full of delicious food, and was shoveling it into her mouth when she overheard %char6%’s accusation. So what? What do you mean, ‘so what?’ Are you even listening to yourself? Yeah. What’s so wrong with using slaves? There wasn’t anyone who would fight with me willingly. That’s why I bought a slave. And besides, this kingdom didn’t have any laws against slavery. So what was the problem? Yeah, she’s my slave. You have a problem with that? You… You can’t force people into slavery! Especially not us! We come from another world. We can’t behave that way here! What’s all this now? You know there are slaves in our world too. Granted, I didn’t know what world %char6% was from, but he was human, and humans had a history of slavery. If you think about it, we’re all sort of slaves to society anyway. We can’t behave that way here? We? Just focus on yourself, okay? He couldn’t make up his own rules and then expect me to follow them. He was crazy! You stupid brat. This isn’t our world. Slaves do exist here. What’s wrong with using one? You… How dare you! He stepped back and pointed his spear at me. Fight me! If I win, you have to set %char1% free! Why do we have to fight? And what do I get if I win? You can do whatever you want then. You can just keep using %char1% the way you have been! Some duel. I turned away, and made to leave. Why should I fight when I had nothing to gain?    I have heard what Mr. %char6% had to say. The crowd parted, like the Red Sea, as the king came strolling up. I had heard rumors of a Hero using slaves. But I cannot believe that it is true. So that’s how it is, the Shield Hero truly is a criminal. But slavery was legal here. If everyone else was using slaves, why were they singling me out like his? If %char6%’s words do not sway you, then perhaps my order will. Duel! What do I care? Hurry up and pay me for my services. If you pay me, I’ll leave and get out of your hair. The king sighed, and snapped his fingers. Soldiers appeared from all directions and grabbed me. I saw them restraining %char1% too. Mr. %Name%! What’s all this?! I glared at the king with all the hatred I could muster. He… He hadn’t believed anything I’d said. Either that, or I was in his way. In this land, my word is law! If you don’t cooperate, we will take her from you by force. Damn! The royal magicians, no doubt, did know the spells necessary to break the slave magic that held her. So if I didn’t fight this duel, I would lose %char1% for sure. Come on! That wasn’t fair! She’d finally become useful! Just how much time and money did they think I’d invested in her? You don’t have to fight! I will… Mph! They stuffed a gag in her mouth to silence her. There is a chance she is under a spell, so that she must support her master. She must be silenced for the time being. Obviously you’re going to let her participate in the duel? She is the prize of the duel. Why would she participate? Y…You bastard! Everyone, to the castle gardens! The king ignored my complaints and announced the duel in the gardens. Damn, I wasn’t able to attack!    The outcome was as good as set.       They altered the gardens to make space for our duel. Torches were set along the perimeter, and everyone who’d been enjoying the feast came out to watch the heroes fight. But of course everyone already knew how it was going to turn out. I was unable to attack at all, and there I was fighting with the Spear Hero. But this wasn’t a fight between the Shield Hero and the Spear Hero. This was a fight between %char6% and me. He was just so prideful. I couldn’t stand it. Anyone could see how it would end though. Everyone was shouting out their bets, and I couldn’t hear anything over the din. The castle had mostly been filled with nobility and knights, but there were some adventures there too, people that had fought with us against the wave. I suppose it was only natural that they would bet on it. So apparently everyone knew that I would lose, and they wanted to make money off it. Ren and %char5% were watching from the castle terrace and laughing. They probably couldn’t wait to see me lose. Dammit. Dammit. Dammit. Dammit! All of them, all of them wanted to get rid of me. During the battle, they rained fire down on top of me. The whole world was my enemy. Everyone was an enemy that laughed at me. Fine. All I could do was lose. That was my only option. But I wouldn’t go down without a fight. Watch me, %char6%. I hate you. I HATE you, more than you know. More than you can imagine. You can’t stop it. Now for the duel between the Shield Hero and the Spear Hero! The duel will end when one of the contestants is pinned, or admits defeat. I rolled my head, snapped my fingers, and set my footing.    In a battle between a Shield and a Spear, who will win? Give me a break. You are going down. %char6% stuck his nose in the air and laughed at me. Ugh, I hate him. Now then… %char6%, I’ll show you that victory means more than just beating your opponent. Victory was about accomplishing your goals. If our goals were different from the get go. The best spear in the world was the one that kills its opponent, but the best shield in the world is the one that protects its holder. They weren’t trying to accomplish the same thing at all. Begin! AHHHHHHHHHHH! GRAHHHHHHHHHHH! I braced myself for a blow and ran at %char6%. %char6% readied his spear and ran at me. He wanted to end it with one good jab. Suddenly, we were very close. I was in his range, and he threw his weight behind the spear and jabbed it at me. If I knew where the attack was coming from, I could probably defend myself. Chaos Stab! %char6%’s spear instantly split into many spears, and they all flew at me. A skill! He was really coming after me. But he couldn’t stop my advance. I protected my head with the shield and ran at him. Ugh… Sharp spear points bit into me in two places: my shoulder and side. It was a scratch, they’d only grazed me, but a hero’s attack really was much stronger than the enemies we’d faced up until now. But the skill had a recharge time, apparently, and he was now in cool down mode.     Take that! He turned and thrust the blade of his spear at me. That was what made a spear weak. It was great for fighting at a distance, but once the enemy got close, it became unwieldy very quickly. Normally, he’d want to kill the enemy before they got too close. But he couldn’t do that because my shield gave me enough defense to get past his first attack. I dodged the spear jab, threw all my weight into my shield, and tackled him to the ground. Then I raised my fist and punched him square in the face. Clang! Damn! I really couldn’t do any damage. Was that my only attack? No, I had something else. %char6% smiled when he realized my attacks weren’t hurting him. He was laughing at me. Just how long did he think he could laugh me off? I threw back my cape and pulled out my secret weapon and pressed it against his face. Ahh! They’d all burned up during the rain of fire, but I picked up some more on the way back to the castle. What the?? Ahaha… %char6% was screaming in confusion. The balloon bit down deep. Ouch! Owww! It had bit into his face, his perfect little face. That’s right, I couldn’t attack by myself. That’s why I have these special weapons, designed for attacking other people, and they are called balloons. Ahaaaa! I put two on his face, and then on his legs to keep him from getting up. Then I put another one on his crotch for good measure. What the hell are these balloons? The crowds were shouting. Like I cared!    I put all my weight onto the balloon, and made sure the teeth were digging deep into his crotch. What… You! I’ll get you! If I can’t win anyway, I might as well make you as miserable as I can! I’ll start with that face you use to control the ladies, and take care of your little friend down there too! Without your face and your balls, you’re nothing! Some ladies man! What?! Arghhhhhh! You’re not getting up! He reached up to pull the balloons off, but I held his arms down. He eventually managed to get the balloon off of his face, but when he was knocked down, he couldn’t swing his spear. When he ripped a balloon off, I threw another one on, and it bought me some time. It wasn’t just balloons either, I was using Eggugs too, and so many of them that trying to find %char6% was like a needle in a haystack. I just focused on making him as miserable as possible. I was going to lose anyway. If so, I wanted to traumatize him the best I could. Ahaaaaa! Damn you! He tried to get up, but I threw all my weight on him to keep him down then piled on more balloons. Hey, if I was going to lose anyway, there was something I wanted to try. I turned my shield into the Two-Headed Black Dog Shield. %char6% couldn’t put any force in to his spear from that angle, so I was able to stop his weak attacks with the shield. It made a sound like nails on a chalkboard. The special effect, Dog Bite, started to work, and the dog heads on the shield howled and bit at %char6%. A counter appeared for the Dog Bite effect. The effect would last for thirty seconds, and the dog heads would bite at the enemy for the whole duration. Normally the skill would do a little damage while it held the enemy still, but I could use it like this too. Ah, ouch!    Huh? So it was really hurting him. Maybe I could win? If so, then I had some other ideas too. Air Strike Shield! It appeared over %char6%’s stomach, and the weight of it pinned him down. This was a new way to use the skill! Le…Let me go! You think you can take me? Get me then! You coward! I hope he thought long and hard about challenging me, thinking that I had no way to fight back. I held the Dog Shield and waited for %char6% to turn his face in my direction. Then I shoved the biting heads at him. The effect was triggered, and they clamped down on his face. Dammit! Argh! What do I care? Oh crap… The Air Strike Shield effect wore off. Shield Prison! Ugh! Now he was trapped in a large cage. He’d never be able to get out, flipping around on his back like that. I threw even more balloons and Eggugs at him. I could win this! He didn’t have any experience fighting other humans, did he? Guh! The Shield Prison broke. But the cool down time from the Air Strike Shield was also over, so I summoned another Air Strike Shield at the same time. The balloons kept biting, and anytime I found an opening, I lunged at him with dog bite. I could win this! Hurry up and admit defeat! You want to win with this kind of foolishness?! What is the Shield doing to the Spear Hero?! The crowd started heckling. What did I care? Why should I listen to people that listened in silence when I was set up? Is the Shield Hero going to win? No, it can’t be…?    They were going crazy. Hear that %char6%? Give up. You’ve lost! Give up? Ha! Then I’ll just hold you down until you can’t stand it anymore! I really am winning! I looked for the king. He was watching the fight, as he would be the judge. He was obviously watching the fight, as if he was planning to do something. But what? All I could do was keep on attacking %char6%’s face and limbs. If I didn’t, it was like they couldn’t tell who was winning. Or so I thought… Agh! Someone shoved me hard from behind, and I reeled. I looked around wildly, disoriented, as I looked for the attacker. Then I saw her, that woman! %char3%! She was hiding in the crowd, but her arm was out straight and her palm was facing me. It must have been some kind of wind magic. I think it was called Wing Blow and it was a spell that threw a fist of air at the target. It was a fist made of air, so naturally it was transparent. Unless you looked for it purposefully you were unlikely to see it. %char3% smiled and stuck her tongue out at me. Arrrrghhhh! My screams were drowned out by %char6%, who’d gotten to his feet, and then he made his sudden counter attack. He popped all the balloons, and pointed his spear at me. I was out of balloons to use. All I could do was try and use a shield that could counterattack. What a coward! The rest was very one-sided. All I could do was use Dog Bite against him. Finally, I fell to the ground after taking so many of his attacks, and %char6%, breathing heavily, set the point of his spear against my neck. Huff… Huff… I… Win…!    He looked much worse off than he had at the end of the wave of destruction, but he turned to the crowd and announced his victory.       You didn’t win anything, you coward! Someone interfered with our one-on-one fight! What are you talking about? You weren’t strong enough to hold me down, and now you’ve lost! Was he serious? The creep! What a hero. What was he talking about slaves for?! What kind of hero would be proud of winning a duel against someone who only had a shield?! Your little friend there interfered! That’s why I lost my balance! Ha! So disappointed that you have to make up lies?! That’s not it at all, you freak! He ignored me, and kept acting victorious. But… But she really had cheated! And this… ARGH! Is that true? The crowd turned to %char6%. There was no way to tell if they believed him or me. They were waiting there in silence. Why would we believe the words of a criminal! Spear Hero! The victory is yours! The jerk! The king ignored all the evidence, all the doubts, and proclaimed %char6% the winner. Just when I had been about to win, he was looking down on me, vulgar-like. That was it! I could have won. I could have won! It looked like the crowd had their doubts as well. Their eyes were looking us both over, but none of them had the courage to speak out against the king. He probably would have had them killed for speaking out. What was this, a dictatorship? Oh you did so good, Mr. %char6%! The root of all evil, that woman, was smiling innocently. A castle magician ran over and healed only %char6%’s wounds. They just ignored me.    Yes, my daughter. Malty has excellent choice in Heroes. … Said the king, and placed his hand on %char3%’s shoulder. Wh…What?! %char3% was the king’s daughter?! Yeah, I was really surprised too. To think that the princess would use a fake name and infiltrate us! Oh, yes, but naturally it was all for the peace of the kingdom. … So that’s how it was. I’d thought it was strange that she was able to have me branded a criminal without a single shred of evidence. The sneaky princess, in order to get the hero she wanted, she sacrificed the weakest hero, myself, stole my money, then ran to her father and got him to denounce me. It was a perfect way to frame me. Then, because %char6% had saved her, she used that as an excuse to get closer to him than the other women were able to. Now it all made sense, even why I’d been given more money at the start. She’d wanted the good equipment for herself, and then she would attach herself to the best hero. When I’d seen, at the very beginning, that %char6% had better equipment than the others, I should have been smarter and kept my distance. They’d thought it all out, and there was no other recourse but to ask them directly. But considering how far they would go, I didn’t have a good reason to think they would not have covered their tracks. In the end it was the word of the disgraced and useless Shield Hero versus the word of the >Spear Hero who had saved the princess. They’d planned it all from the beginning. It was a perfect trap. And while it hadn’t damaged me directly, the Wing Blow was strong enough to knock me off balance, which suggests that the caster had been well educated. It was proof of the princess’s involvement. That was why they’d set up this one-sided duel in the first place. It had been their plan from the start. They’d known that he would win, and they’d known that the princess could interfere on %char6%’s behalf if the duel ever seemed to be in question.    It was simple. All that woman needed to do was whisper in his ear: That girl with the Shield Hero is a slave. He’s forcing her to cooperate. You have to save her. It was a perfect opportunity to make herself look good to her chosen future husband. They would not let it slip by. If they ended up getting married, then saving a slave girl from the disgraced Shield Hero was the perfect end to their heroic story. Legends are born through evil. The more evil you were, the better you’d be remembered. Throughout history, they’d be remembered as the heroes that took care of the fallen Shield Hero and saved a little girl. They’d have songs written about them. The king was a jerk, and the princess was even worse! Wait a second… The princess was… a bitch? The phrase sounded familiar to me. But from where? I know I’d seen it before. …I remember. It was in The Records of the Four Holy Weapons. The princess in the book was a bitch that made eyes at all of the heroes. If those heroes were the same as the heroes in that book I’d read at the library, then it must have been connected somehow to this world, so it only made since that the princess would be a bitch. I was filled with a burning hatred, and it ran powerfully through my body. Thump, thump. My shield was… pulsing. Curse Series Shield: conditions met The seething black hatred absorbed my shield, and my field of vision warped. Now then, Mr. %char6%, the girl that the Shield Hero was using as a slave is waiting. The people parted, and %char1% was there with the castle priests. They were about to remove the slave spell from her.    The magicians were holding a bowl filled with some kind of liquid which they smeared over the slave mark on her chest. As they did so, the slave icon in my field of vision vanished. And that made it official: she was no longer my slave. The seething hatred was burning, and it took control of me. The whole world was laughing at me. Mocking me. They were happy when I was in pain, when I was humiliated. Yes, all I could see was shadows and dark smiles. %char1%! %char6% rushed over to her. They’d removed the gag from her mouth, and as %char6% approached, her eyes filled with tears, and she turned to say something… And slapped him. Y…You fool! … Huh? %char6% looked stunned and confused. Of course I don’t forgive your cowardice, but when did I ever ask for your help?! But %char1%… He… He was abusing you! Mr. %Name%never made me do anything I didn’t want to do. The spell only made me fight when I was too afraid to have done it otherwise! I felt very light-headed and couldn’t really follow what everyone was saying. No, I could hear them, but I didn’t want to listen. I just wanted to get the hell out of there. I wanted to go back to my own world. But that’s not okay! Mr. %Name%can’t attack monsters, so he needs someone to help him! That doesn’t have to be you! He’ll work you to the bone! Mr. %Name%hasn’t let a monster hurt me, not even once! When I got tired, he always let me rest! N... No… He’s not the kind of thoughtful person you… you think he is.    Would you reach out to a sick, filthy slave? What? Mr. %Name%did a lot for me. He fed me whenever I was hungry. When I was sick he made medicine for me. Would you? Would you have done those things?! Of course! Then you must have slaves of your own! ?! %char1% rushed over to me. Leave me! This place was hell. The whole world was made of duplicity and evil. The women, no… The whole world was laughing at me, punishing me, trying to hurt me. When she touched me, I felt hatred boil inside of me When %char1% saw the way I reacted, she turned and glared at %char6%. I heard the rumors… That Mr. %Name%forced himself on his friend, that he was the worst of the Heroes. Right. Yes, he’s a criminal! You should know since he made a sex slave out of you too! How can you say that?! Mr. %Name%has never touched me, ever! Not even once! She reached out and held my hand. Let me go! Mr. %Name%… What can I do… What can I do to earn your trust? Let me go! The whole world thought I was contemptible! They blamed me for everything! I didn’t do it!     I was flying into a fury, when something covered me. Mr. %Name%, please, please, calm down. Let me… Listen to me. Let me earn your trust. Huh? If you can only believe a slave, because they are incapable of hurting you, then let’s go back! Take me back to that tent, and I’ll take the curse again. Liar! What do you want from me? What? What was this voice that forced its way into my heart? Whatever happens, I believe you. I believe you, Mr. %Name%. Shut up! You want to frame me for something else! I know that you wouldn’t do what they accuse you of. You wouldn’t force yourself on anyone. You aren’t that kind of person. It was the first time I’d heard the words I wanted to hear. The first time since I’d come to this world. I felt like the dark shadows surrounding me were starting to fall apart. I felt kindness. The whole world might accuse you, might blame you, but I won’t. I’ll say it again and again: you didn’t do it. I opened my eyes, and when I saw her she was no longer a little girl. She was a seventeen-year-old woman. I could tell that it was still %char1%. It was %char1%’s face, but she was the cutest girl I’d ever seen. Her hair had been so dirty, but here it was, beautiful and long, her dry and cracked skin was somehow changed. She had a healthy glow. She had been so skinny, but now there was meat on her bones, and she was full and healthy and energetic. She was looking at me. Her sad, dull eyes that always showed her surrender to life and its monstrosities were clear and bright and full of life. I didn’t know who she was. Mr. %Name%, take me back to the tent. Let’s put the spell back on. W…Who are you?! Huh? What are you saying? It’s me, %char1%. Ahaha, no. %char1% is just a little girl!    This woman was claiming to be %char1%, the girl who’d just sworn to believe me. She looked confused, and cocked her head to the side. Oh c’mon. Mr. %Name%, you’re always treating me like a kid. Her voice… It sounded just like %char1%’s. But she looked totally different. No way, no way. This didn’t make any sense at all. Mr. %Name%, let me tell you something. What? Demi-humans, we… When we are young, our bodies grow with our levels. So we grow very quickly as we level up. Huh? Demi-humans are not humans. This is one of the reasons that some people treat us as monsters. The girl who called herself %char1% kept talking. Sure, I’m still… I mean I guess I’m not emotionally that mature, but my body has matured. I’m basically an adult. She pulled me close and… and buried my face in her large, voluptuous breasts as she spoke. Please believe me. I believe, I KNOW, that you never committed any crime. You gave me medicine, saved my life, and taught me what I needed to survive. You are the great Shield Hero, and I am your sword. No matter how rough the path, I will follow you. I’d… I’d wanted to hear that for so long. %char1% kept swearing that she would fight with me. If you can’t believe me, then please, turn me back into a slave. I want to stay with you. I will follow you! Ugh… Hearing such nice words, for the first time, I found myself involuntarily sobbing. I told myself to stop, to get a hold of myself. But I couldn’t. The tears wouldn’t stop. Ah… Ahhhhhhh… Ugggg… %char1% hugged me and pulled me against her as I cried. %char6%, you lose the duel. You broke the rules. What?! Ren and %char5% spoke as they pushed through the crowd.    We saw it all from up there. Your friend attacked %Name%from behind with wind magic. No. That… That’s not true! The king had fallen silent. Can’t you see that? Has he? %char6% looked to the crowd, but everyone turned their faces away. But he threw monsters at me! He has no attack power. You have to give him that much. You’re in the wrong for challenging him to a duel in the first place. He turned to Ren and %char5%, self-righteous, and shouted: But he… He… He concentrated his attacks on my face and crotch! He knew he couldn’t win, so he just did all that he could to hurt you. I don’t think we can begrudge him that. %char6% was indignant at %char5%’s words, but soon he relented. It looks like you have some fault, at least in this particular fight. Give it up. Damn… This isn’t fair… I mean… %char1% is obviously brainwashed! How can you say that, after the scene we just witnessed? He’s right. It was growing awkward, so the heroes made to leave. The crowd returned to the castle. Geez! That was boring! I know… It was a disappointing result, to say the least. The last two spectators, apparently unimpressed, slumped their shoulders and walked off. The two of us were left alone in the garden. It must have been so hard on you. I never knew. Please, share your pain with me. At the kindness in her voice, I drifted off… A slept for an hour, and %char1% held me the whole time. I was surprised. I hadn’t noticed how much she had grown. How could I have not noticed? I was… probably too stressed. I was too stressed to notice her growing. I had trained all my focus on her status and focused only on the rising numbers.    Epilogue   The feast was long over. We found a room that hadn’t been used, a dusty servant’s room, and rested there. It was nothing like the last time I’d stayed in the castle. That piece of trash of a king seemed like he would do whatever he could to heap misery on me. That’s what I’d call him. Trash. As for %char3%, I’d already decided to call her Bitch… And it was only fitting, considering her behavior. As for %char6%, I’d call him Man-Whore… or no… Clown. Then again, I suppose it was possible that he was just being used by Bitch, so I decided to hold off with the nicknames for the time being. %char1% saw that I wasn’t eating much and went out for a while. The cooks gave me some food from the kitchen that they weren’t using. Ah… Thanks. She gave me something like a sandwich, and I ate it. Well, it’s not very good… I couldn’t taste it anyway, so it didn’t matter what I ate. I took a bite. Huh?! I’d been expecting something flavorless and gross, but it reminded me more of the first meal I’d had here. Was I imagining things? One more bite. What is it? It… I… I can taste it. Hm? Ever since they framed me, I haven’t been able to taste anything. But why? Even though I’d done all that crying, I felt tears welling up again. I didn’t know that being able to taste food would feel so… so warm, so good. Good, I’m happy. You always made such delicious food for me, and I was sad to see that you were unable to enjoy it yourself.    She smiled, and took a big bite of her own sandwich. Let’s eat all kinds of yummy things together. Sure. Someone believed me. Just that fact made me feel… lighter. My sense of taste vanished when %char3% betrayed me… but it was back. It was all because she believed in me, all because of %char1%. Who knew that being trusted and believed in would make your heart so light? What should we do tomorrow? Want to level up? Or make money? Right… I want to get new equipment with our reward money. We’re a month behind the others, and so that’s where we need to start. Let’s find a good place to work. Now I would have to fight to save this world, again. But this time, I’d be with the one person who understood and believed in me. I didn’t want to. I was afraid so many times, but I made up my mind to stay positive, if only for %char1%. How else could I repay her trust? Mr. %Name%? What? Let’s do our best. Right on! I didn’t want to just stay alive anymore. I wanted to actually move forward, because she believed in me. It was a whole new world, full of dreams and adventures, like an anime or a game. But it was a horrible place as well. But I… I still wanted to try. I wanted to try for myself, and %char1% too. %char1%. What is it? It might have been rude, but I leaned over and kissed the cheek of the girl who believed in me. Thank you. Ah… ahhhhh… Um… Sorry? I guess you don’t like that kind of thing. No, I… I… Oh… Um… Okay, okay, I’m sorry. That was rude. I won’t do it again. It’s okay!    I got it. She was filled with purpose, and she didn’t want that to happen. She would be angry. I learned an important lesson. Had this been an anime, they would have depicted us in a physical relationship. But in the real world, that wasn’t going to happen. There it was, that bad habit of mine. That way of thinking wasn’t going to work. This wasn’t a dream world. It was reality, just a different reality. If I treated it like a fantasy game or anime, I was going to end up hurt. We needed a solid plan if we wanted to survive. %char1% squeezed my hand, and I squeezed hers back. We’d be okay; we could overcome whatever we were faced with. If I was with someone who believed in me, I could take the first step. My fight was only just beginning. I didn’t need to rush, just take one step and a time.     The Spear Hero’s Buffoonery   My name is %char6%. I’m a university student, and one day I found myself transported to another world—one that bore a striking resemblance to a game I used to play. I was summoned here to be one of the four Heroes that were destined to save the world, and I was the Spear Hero. I think I have pretty good luck. The world was so much like a game I had known that I already had all the knowledge I needed to save it, and in the process of doing so, I found myself surrounded by a gaggle of lovely ladies. Hey, you over there! You free? Want to go on a date? The country had given me a task, and to accomplish it I had gone to a place called the Guild. Had this been a game this would be the place where the player received quests, or participated in events and various episodes. In this world, however, it was also where different adventurers gathered to make money. I don’t know… Do I? I wonder… The cute girl’s eyes wandered to the huge Spear I held flung over my shoulder. Do you know how to use that? I held it out and caused it to change forms right before her eyes. That was the power granted to us Heroes! Showing off the power should be enough to prove who I am. OOOOH! You really ARE the Spear Hero! Neat! She was excited and started squealing in that high-pitched girly voice. Heh, heh, it was going to be a good day. Mr. %char6%, the Guild has a request! A cute girl with red hair pushed the other girl (the one I was hitting on) out of the way and slipped me a scroll.    Sorry lady, but Mr. %char6% has an important job, so you’d better just be on your way. Bu…But! The girl that had come over with the scroll was named %char3%. Her real name was Malty S. Melromarc. She had actually, originally sympathized with the Shield Hero, but he had betrayed her, so she decided to stick with me instead. I swear, that guy was the worst. He had been transported to another dimension, but all he thought about was what was in his pants. What? You want to be in Mr. %char6%’s party too? The new speaker’s name was Lesty. Apparently she had been schoolfriends with %char3%. A couple days after %char3% teamed up with me, she’d decided she wanted to come with us. Her face was a little sharper than %char3%’s. If %char3% was a nine, she was probably an eight. Mr. %char6%’s journey is a difficult one. Do you really think you can keep up? That was Elena. She teamed up with me about a week after all this had started. She’d been traveling with me nearly as long as %char3% and Lesty. The other members kept coming and going with relative frequency. I’d only been here for three weeks or so, but the remaining party slots seemed to always be filled with different people. But hey, that’s what online games were like too. If I let it bother me, I’d never get anywhere. When I first got here, I’d asked a bunch of people to travel with me, but they always left shortly after we teamed up. I didn’t care so much if the guys left, but I always tried to be extra nice to the girls—and they were leaving too. I can’t even remember how many of them I went through. They always just said that they didn’t feel like they fit the group—and that’s the only answer I ever got. Whatever—I didn’t like clingy girls anyway. Anyway, it had been three weeks since my arrival. I should celebrate with the girls that had stuck with me. Of course, that’s what we would do. You want to come with us?    Yes! Cool, let’s go then. What’s your name? R…Rino. All right, Rino, let’s go. I took her hand and sent her a party invite. She accepted the invite and became part of my party. … I thought I saw %char3% glaring at Rino, so I turned to look, only to find out that she wasn’t. She was smiling kindly. So what’s the next job, %char3%? A famine has struck a village in the Southwest. We are to protect the carriage that is delivering food to them. What’s this? I was pretty sure I’d heard of that job before. The same quest was available at the Guild in the game I’d played. The order was placed, and our levels fit the task. Got it. Where and when do we meet the carriage? It leaves tomorrow morning, from right here at the Guild’s storehouse. Got it. I guess that means we are free for now. Let’s spend some time leveling up, and then treat ourselves tonight. Yayyyyy! The girls all squealed in delight. I guess the girls in this world liked to have a good time. Besides, I’d been wanting to blow off some steam anyway. All right, girls, let’s get to it! Yayyyyy! We did some leveling up nearby at a spot I’d found. We looked for a place that the monsters appeared in crowds and started hunting. A monster quickly appeared. It was a birdlike monster called a Sky Blue Wing. Its flight ability was low, and it wasn’t a fast runner like the %char2%lial. But it still gave good EXP points. It was a very efficient way to level up when you were between levels 30 and 40.    You girls back down. Okay! Good luck! Huh? Apparently Rino wasn’t used to fighting in my party, so she was looking around in confusion. You cute girls aren’t suited to these bloody battles. So just hang back and cheer me on. Oh... I… Yes! I sent an Air Strike Javelin flying at the Sky Blue Wing, and it fell easily. Woooow! You’re so cool, %char6%! There cheers really revved me up. Mr. %char6%! There’s another one! Argh! And another one! Argh! Mr. %char6%, I’m thirsty. Argh! Mr. %char6%, can I have a snack? Argh! Mr. %char6%, we’re going to take a rest. Argh! We spent the rest of the day that way, and I leveled up. I’d reached level 43, and %char3% was at level 39. Lesty reached level 38, and Elena reached level 35. The new girl, Rino, was still at level 20. That should be enough for today. Let’s head back. I’d had enough sweat for the day, so we finished up before sunset and went back to town. That was a tough day. Sure was. If you hadn’t been there cheering me on, I might not have made it. …? Rino looked confused again. What was her problem? Certainly she didn’t want to wallow in the mud and level up? No way! Girls didn’t like that kind of thing.    Once it’s dark, let’s all meet back at the inn. Okay. We will be at the spa until then. Cool. Have fun. Till then. Um… Rino didn’t seem to understand what was going on. It was just a way for the girls to bond. I wasn’t so tacky as to try and jump in and wedge myself into their friendship. All right, well, it was a day for training. I had to get to the market and buy some food. I went to the market and bought a bunch of food then went to the kitchen and got to work. By the time the preparations were done the sun had fallen, and it was night. Oh, Mr. %char6%, we’re baaaack! I’d told the innkeeper to tell the girls to come back to the kitchen when they arrived. Um… What are you doing in the kitchen? Oh, I was just working on a surprise for… Hey, where’s Rino? She said that as we were hunting today she realized that she just didn’t fit into the party. She decided to leave, but she said, ‘Thank you for everything, and I hope we meet again.’ Oh… Again? It was like no one fit in the party. Was it because %char3% and her friend were part of the nobility? You’d think that they’d still be able to get along, and yet… Besides, everyone was equal in my party! I loved them all equally. So what are we doing tonight? Right, well, today marks three weeks since I was first summoned to this world. I wanted to celebrate with everyone, so I decided to cook for us. Wooow! They all glanced over at my food. It was food prepared the way we do in my world, so I wasn’t sure if they would like it. Just to make sure, I tasted it.    I’d been cooking for a while, and I had never received a single complaint. Besides, I was a genius in the kitchen. I could make anything, and the girls loved it. I didn’t know you could cook! You can do anything Mr. %char6%! You’re amazing! Yes, you are so very talented. A true Hero! They’re right! My stomach is growling just looking at it! I know, right? Dig in, girls! Everyone said it was delicious, and they ate a lot. But I guess I made too much because it seemed like there were a lot of leftovers. Good night. After we finished dinner, and we had taken our baths, we chatted for a little while before the girls went off to their own room. But my night wasn’t over just yet. I guess the girls didn’t have enough energy to hang out through the night, but I did. I decided to head down to the bar. I left the inn and walked down a dark back ally. That took me through a seedy area behind the pleasure quarters. Ah… I... No… I could hear some people deep in role-playing. Their voices echoed inside a small building. They seemed to be having quite the night. No matter where you went, there were always businesses that profited on exhibiting the obscene. Oh well. It’s not like I could bust in there and save the girl or anything. It was her job after all. But she sounded a lot like Rino. I’m sure it was just a coincidence. Rino was an adventurer, and she seemed like she’d had a good head on her shoulders. She wouldn’t be working in a place like that. Ah! Oh! Someone! Help me! I guess there was some real acting going on for the clients. I let those thoughts wander as I walked through town. Finally, I found a nice-looking bar. Haaaaaah!    Uoooah! He… He’s too strong. And look at that Spear! You don’t think… Is it the Spear Hero?! I don’t give my name out to scum like you! We were in the middle of a quest to protect the carriage and its cargo. We were a good way down the road when we ran into some bandits. I took them down. You’re amazing, Mr. %char6%! Wow! It’s true! You just laid waste to them so easily! I think I’m in love! Go %char6%! Oh, you girls… Come on now… I tied up the bandits and dropped them off at the guard station of the closest village. I think it was called Riyute. Hm? I thought that I saw %Name%heading for the mountains with some dirty little girl. Maybe I was just imagining it? Anyway, the girl looked like a country bumpkin. She wasn’t that cute. Whatever, back to work. Before long we arrived at the village in the midst of a famine. Oh, food! Thank you, Spear Hero. Oh, it’s really nothing. Make sure you share the food equally. The villagers formed a big crowd around the carriage and its cargo. Among them were skinny, starving children. It hurt just to look at them. I had to finish the quest. But before that… You’re cute! Want to get some tea? I… Really, no matter what world you were in, girls were just so cute. I was pretty tired by that point, so we decided to get a room in town. The next morning I woke up and went over to the room where the girls were sleeping. N… Muuu… I watched %char3%’s sleeping face. She was murmuring some weird stuff. I decided to scribble on her face. She’d be so surprised when she woke up!    Spear Hero… Where are you off to now? My face was red from where %char3% had slapped me, a fitting payment for my graffiti. I was speaking with the village chief. Just a little to… You know, fight the famine. Mr. %char6%, where are we going today? To a nearby dungeon. There is an item there that will help the village. Oh, you just know everything, don’t you, Mr. %char6%? Don’t embarrass me. Let’s get going. Yes, there was a dungeon nearby. There was something there, in the ruins, that would fix it all. In truth, I really should have done some research back at the castle library. But I had gotten some second-hand information, and so it shouldn’t be a big deal. Besides, the sooner we fixed the famine, the less people would have to suffer. That was the goal anyway. We soon arrived at the ruins. The dungeon had three levels. They said you could solo it at level 30. It was a pretty early quest. Now, had this been a game, you could probably set the difficulty level of the instant dungeon to match your own level. It was an instant dungeon, and they were instantly generated for you and your party only. There would be a map, and you wouldn’t meet any other players inside. You could take it on with just your party. Honestly, at our current levels, clearing it should be simple. The dungeon was built of stone, and was an hour’s walk from the village. It was set into a slightly weathered cliff of red earth… just like in that game. We entered the musty ruins and lit the candle-stands there. I remembered that the dungeon was booby-trapped. We shouldn’t run into many monsters in here, and we should be just fine at our levels. Okay! Now then, I think the booby traps had something to do with the candles we lit on our way in. Our success or failure would depend on them.    And if we failed, we’d have to start all over from the beginning. The booby trap was this: before the candles burned out, you had to defeat the golem at the very back of the dungeon. In the game, the time limit had been thirty minutes. To be successful, you had to make it to the very bottom floor. It might have been set up like a maze, but I already knew my way. There were a few different versions, but I had them all memorized, so we should be just fine. Or so I thought. We kept running into dead ends. Well, that was weird. In the game this had definitely been the right way. Even still, we made it to the end of the dungeon within the time allotted. The room was filled with cool air. The walls were built of stone but were blue and transparent as if they were made from ice. The place felt mystical and dreamy. Wow… %char3% and the others were amazed as they looked around. All right, so there should be a treasure chest, over there. I pointed to a large, ornate box way at the back of the room. But what’s inside? There’s a Miracle Seed in there that will save the villagers. But first we have to defeat whoever is guarding it. What do you mean? When you get close to it, the bricks fall down from above and turn into a golem. Don’t worry. He’s not that strong. If you all back me up with magic, we’ll be just fine. Yes sir! We’re rooting for you! You can do it, Mr. %char6%! It’s like you know everything about everything! I know, I know. Stop embarrassing me. We walked closer to the treasure chest. Naturally, I took the lead and let the girls follow. And just as I expected, the golem fell from above. Groowl… The stone golem raised his heavy arm to attack me.    I’ll protect you! Wing Blow! First Aqua Shot! You can do it! Under attack from the girls’ magic and my skills, the golem quickly collapsed. From the collapsed stones, the core of the golem floated in the air. Haah! Before the golem could revive, I quickly cleaved the core in two. Ha! Take that! You’re so strong, Mr. %char6%! Yes! You really took care of that big golem! You’re amazing! They all kept cheering for me. Oh well, it really isn’t much… Just kidding! It was pretty amazing! Hahaha! Now then, time to open the box and get that seed. Or so I thought. But then… There was a sudden and powerful rumble. The floor was shaking. Wh… What is this?! An earthquake?! It… It’s… I had a very bad feeling. This is weird. We didn’t fail… What is it?! When you mess up, the ruins collapse. Of course there is a way out, but then you have to start all over again. And to get out, there is a penalty dungeon. There was an item that we could only get at that dungeon, but it wasn’t like we really NEEDED it. Back when I was playing the beta version of the MMORPG, there was a very strong piece of equipment you could get from one of the monsters that appeared during this penalty dungeon event. But right now we needed to focus on lower-level projects. What? I didn’t understand. We should have had more than ten minutes remaining. What makes you fail the test?    Remember the candles we lit when we first came in? We just needed to defeat the golem before they burned out. And of course, if they had gone out during the allotted time, we were permitted to go back and relight them. Depending on the difficulty level you set, you could be forced to do so because the fights would take longer. Huh…? %char3% sounded confused. What is it? Well I thought we didn’t need them, so I blew them out. Whaaaaaaat?! Just as I screamed, the floor split open, and we all fell through the crack. Wooooaaaaahhhh! Yaaaaaaaahhhh We’d fallen onto some sort of giant stone slide, and all of us were slipping and sliding down it quickly. M…%char3%! Mr. %char6%! I reached out my hand, but before we could find one another we all were split into different directions and partitioned from each other by walls. Where is this? The slide ended. I lit a torch and investigated my surroundings. If this was anything like the game, then our paths would meet up… I pictured the map in my head and started running. There shouldn’t be any monsters in the dungeon that %char3% and the others wouldn’t be able to take care of on their own. Even still, I’d feel better if we were all together. You know? I heard someone talking. That stupid guy needs to explain himself. You know? He only looks at our boobs and butts. It gives me the willies. He drew on my face when I was sleeping! He needs to learn his place. But he’s easy to use because he’s stupid. He’s got money, and he’s a Hero, so we can do whatever we want.    I know! Even still, that thing yesterday? No way! My poor tongue. That terrible food from his world was disgusting. I know! How about that girl that tried to team up with us the other day? She was something else! Oh, I know! Do you remember how we sold her off to that shop? I just told her we were going to a spa, and she walked in with handcuffs on and everything! It was so easy! It was so hard to keep from laughing! I remembered now. The theme of the dungeon had been betrayal. There was a 30% chance of meeting a monster called the Voice Fighter, and it impersonated the voices of your party members. It was set up to say things that were too awful to believe. Of course, in the game you couldn’t hear real voices, but your character would end up confused. To my ear, it sounded like %char3% and the others were saying awful things. I turned the corner and found myself in a large, open space. And %char3% and the others were there. They had just finished beating up a Voice Fighter that was in the form of a bat. Oh! Mr. %char6%! Hey, are you girls okay? This place has dangerous monsters that play with your mind. We’re fine! Right, they’d finished the monster off before I arrived. Good. What should we do now? We’re fine. Follow me. I pointed to the hallway that would lead us out. We followed it and found ourselves outside. We had only been in the dungeon for a short time, but the sun felt blinding. Ok, you girls stay in the entrance and guard the candles. I’ll run to the bottom. Ok, Mr. %char6%! Yes! We’ll protect the candles with our very lives! Leave it to us!    Right on! I ran back through the dungeon and got the Miracle Seed. I also let the Spear absorb the golem core and some of the stones there. The Spear it unlocked was just a drop item and wasn’t very good. The equip bonus was status up. That might come in handy later. We went back to the village and gave the Miracle Seed to the village chief. What is this? It’s a Miracle Seed that produces abundant food when you plant it. It will solve your famine problem, so I assume you want to buy it. This… This Seed? Yeah, it was hidden deep in a nearby dungeon. Take good care of it. But those ruins were supposed to have been sealed by a powerful, evil alchemist. What? Oh, it’s nothing. If the Spear Hero says it, it must be true. He smiled, and planted the Seed in a field. It instantly sprouted, grew, and produced fruit. The village cheered. Thank you so much, Spear Hero! Ha, ha ha! That’s what I’m here for, to save the world! It really did feel good to help people. Oh hey? Once you two reach level 40 we should go back to Castle Town to change your class. The four Heroes couldn’t change their classes, which was different from the game. But %char3% and the others could. Class changing was a ceremony that you had to undergo to take the level cap off of your character and to improve your stats. They held the ceremony at the Dragon Hourglass. %char3% was good with magic, so had this been a game she probably would have been a wizard. If so, then I would make her into a high level wizard. Besides, I knew how the world worked, so my decisions were sure to turn out the best in the end. Yes! Wow! It’s already time for rising in class?!    Excellent! Now we can do even more things for you! We want to help you, Mr. %char6%! Right on! I thrust my fist in the air and savored our victory. Then I reached out for %char3%’s butt and gave it a squeeze. What was that?! Oh, Mr. %char6%, I sure wish you’d control yourself. Ahahaha! Man, oh man, this world sure was fun. I already knew everything I needed to know from the game, and all the girls loved me. And besides, that vicious woman that killed me was nowhere near here. It was so much fun! I just couldn’t stop laughing. The wave would be here in six days. And I was starting to look forward to it. That was how we spent our days: having fun and leveling up. We did so on the way back to Castle Town. It was a great place for him, an ideal world full of excitement. He was proud to be there. In the Records of the Four Holy Weapons it says that the Spear Hero thinks deeply of his friends. If he continues on without understanding the difference between kindness and naivety, what sort of fate will he meet? At the time, he was not the true Hero. He was little more than a clown. He only heard what he wanted, and ignored what upset him. His belief in his friends was unfounded and led him to great peril later on. What happened to the town that he saved? The answer is not written as part of his story. This story was inherited by a sage who delivered a sacred bird. But even that is not enough to stop the large waves that were to come. In the end, all is drowned by the waves of the destruction…     The Flag on the Kid’s Meal   I’m going out! Make sure you are back for lunch! Okay! The weather is amazing today! After I said bye to my parents I headed for the town square. Keel and the others were waiting for me there. Hey, you really came! Sure. Keel wiggled his little dog-like ears while he waited for me. The other kids were already there. They said we can’t go to the ocean today because Sadeena isn’t here. I said it would be fine, but still… But Keel, you almost drowned last time. Oh shut up! Anyway, let’s play in the fields today. Okay! Everyone nodded in agreement. All right, let’s go! You’d better stick with me so you don’t get lost! Who do you think you’re talking to? I’m a fast runner! We all raced each other out to the fields. But really, I was a fast runner. I was probably just as fast as Keel, and everyone said that he was the fastest. Once I started running, everyone fell into line behind me. You really are fast! If you throw your arms out ahead of you and think about running faster, you’ll really increase your speed. I was trying to tell one of the slower kids how to run fast, and as we were talking about it we arrived at the field. My parents had said that we needed to be careful because there were monsters, but we had never run into any real danger. What do you want to do today? Ah shoot! I lost. I swear that I’ll beat you next time!    Keel shot me a nasty look. Heh, heh. This was going to be a good day. Let’s play tag! Sounds good! Yeah! Everyone agreed with my plan. I’ll be it! I’m going to catch you! You won’t catch me! Keel really hated to lose, but that was one of the best things about him. Ahahaha! Shoot! Wait up! Keel seemed like he was actually upset. He only chased after me. Eventually we all tired out, and we all decided to take a break. What should we do next? Everyone can still play, right? I don’t have to help out at home, so I can still play. For whatever reason, there were times when everyone had stuff they had to do at home. I helped my mom cook. Let’s play tag again! But I’m so tired. Let me catch my breath. Keel had way too much energy. I guess boys are like that. Whatever. Then the rest of us will play without you. Yeah! All the boys got up and went to play tag. They sure are energetic. I know! The girl next to me, Rifana, agreed with me. We both sat and watched the boys play. Hey, who do you like? Hmmm… We were all close to the age where we started to care about love and relationships. We started talking about who was dating who, and who we thought would get married. Before long we were both talking excitedly. Maybe someone like my dad! That’s cheating! He needs to be the same age as you!    Hmm… I turned to watch the boys playing. Keel was probably the coolest boy among them. He had a good face. But, and I know I shouldn’t say things like this, I’d never liked the look of my own face in the mirror. If we went to the nearby town there were a lot of cute girls around, and the older we got the more obvious their beauty became. And my race wasn’t highly regarded for our beauty… But my dad was cool, and he was handsome. I wanted to be like my dad. Everyone said that my mom was cute. She was really nice too, and she knew how to cook… I wonder… Will I be pretty when I grow up? I’d asked my mom that question before. She smiled and nodded. So I was pretty sure I’d be pretty once I grew up. Another time, I asked her what it was like to fall in love with a man. Is it different from loving your family? She looked confused. I guess she loved men differently from the way she loved me. I think there are different ways to like people. My mom once said that she liked people differently from the way she liked me. Yeah! I get that. But I want to marry someone like… someone like the Legendary Shield Hero! Rifana was my best friend from the village. She was more girly than I was, and she liked to talk about love and boys. She especially liked to talk about the Records of the Four Holy Weapons, because it said that the Shield Hero was nice to demi-humans. Well I… But just then… Up until that point I had never thought that my life would consist of anything other than a succession of peaceful days. I had really believed it. Ping! A loud sound echoed over the fields Just as I started to wonder what it could be, the air started shaking, and a sudden and powerful wind blew.    Ah! Kyaaah! What the? We all fell to the ground and waited for the wind to die down. A moment later the wind faded. Everything was quiet. What was that?! Hey, look at that. Keel was pointing to the sky. I looked to where he was pointing and was stunned to silence. The sky looked like it had been ripped open with a knife. It was coved in a deep red crack, like a tortoise shell. It was eerie. What should we do? My parents said to come back to the village if anything happened. If we don’t check it out now, we might not ever have a chance again. No! Keel! The other kids and I all held Keel back, and we went back to the village together. %char1%! Daddy! My father returned from the neighboring town. I rushed over to him. Are you okay? I was so worried! I’m okay. You said to come back if anything happened, so I rushed back here. Good girl. He rubbed my head. Hee hee hee… My dad started talking to all the other adults. Everyone listen up. I’ve just gone to see the lord of these lands. He says that those cracks in the sky lead to the ground and that huge crowds of monsters are swarming out of them. Does that mean that we have to fight them? I think it does. There was a terrifying howl coming from the cracks in sky. My tail started swishing aggressively at the sound of the howl. It was so scary.    Will we be okay? Hm…. H…Hey! We’re in trouble! The monsters have already flooded the town! It’s like hell out there! An old man from the village ran in and announced the news. His face was pale. But… How? How could they have gotten here so fast?! The lord has commanded us to evacuate as quickly as possible! He has already called for support from the castle! What had happened to the lord? I don’t know, but he has left instructions for everyone to evacuate as soon as possible! Ugh… The adults looked very upset as they talked. And Sadeena is away, and all the hunters are out fishing… There’s a big storm out at sea too. Who knows if they will be able to return safely? The sky was looking worse and worse. Just then there was a large, strange sound. Everyone turned to see what it was. What… is that?! There was something there, like… like a person made of bones. It was stumbling and dragging its feet as it walked in our direction. It was carrying something like a weapon in its bony hands, and it was shining with a dull light. I was scared. I was scared down to my bones. It was a monster. That was the only word that fit, and it described it perfectly. Uh… aaaaaahhhhhh! The adults all screamed and started to run away. The rest of the villagers all started to scream too. My father jumped in front of the monster to head them off. I command the very root of power. Light! Slay the beast before me! First Holy! A ball of magical, sparkling light flew from my father’s outstretched hands, and the bone monster collapsed.    Everyone please calm down and listen to me. We need to evacuate here as soon as possible. While our tribe commands great power, we have no hope of standing up to such numbers. You’re right. My mother threw a hatchet at a skeleton as she agreed with my father. But there were still large numbers of skeletons heading for the village. We will stay here and buy time. The rest of you… Uh… okay. Y…Yes. All right. If you are sure… Everyone caught their breath for a moment before beginning the evacuation. They decided to head for a town on the harbor. Even in a storm, they still might be able to escape on boats, out into the sea. AAAHHHHHH! But things didn’t go as planned. Damn these monsters! A large beast with three heads was running for the village. My parents were fighting with all their might, but it wasn’t enough. The beast was too fast; it kept dodging my father’s magic and my mother’s hatchet. Gaahhhh! The beast violently swung its clawed paw, and my father and another villager went flying through the air. They both fell to the ground, their joints twisted. Huh? What? I couldn’t believe it… Wh… WHAAAAAAAAA!! AAAAAHHH! The villagers started panicking and running as fast as they could. They ignored my father’s shouts for order and ran for the ocean. The panicking villagers pushed by me, and I fell to the ground. Everyone, wait just a second! Are you okay? My mother was there, hugging me. But her face was pale.    A three-headed dog was chasing down the villagers, attacking them with its fangs and claws. I’m… scared… My mother ran her fingers through my hair. It’s okay. We’ll be just fine, don’t you worry. Um…Um… If my mother said we would be okay… we would be… right? We’re going. My father started running off after the other fleeing villagers. My mother and I followed close behind. The villagers arrived at a cliff by the sea and started jumping into the ocean. The dog was chasing after them. And then, I couldn’t believe it! The dog jumped into the ocean after them and started eating the swimming villagers. The ocean turned red. Wahhhhhhh! Dammit, we were too late! My father was screaming. He and my mother ran off to attack the dog and defend the remaining villagers. I hid behind them. Aaaaah! The huge, three-headed dog leapt out of the ocean and turned to face us. It howled. It cornered us against the cliff, so that we had nowhere to run. Grrr… The three-headed dog leapt at us, its claws out. My father managed to bat away the claws with his magic, but then a shower of blood sprayed from his shoulder. Huh? Dear, are you all right? I’m fine… But… We were up against the cliff. The other villagers were all already in the ocean, but more than half of them had been… had been… Ahhh… I was so scared. I held onto my mother’s back. Everyone below was swimming to save their own lives, but the current was strong, and they kept getting pulled further out to sea. They were going    to drown. If we don’t take care of this thing, he’ll follow the villagers into the sea and kill them all. I know… ‘I’m sorry, honey… I was prepared. They finished talking and both turned to me. %char1%. Wh…What? She was rubbing my back, trying to calm me down. Don’t forget to smile. Be nice to the others. She’s right. When you smile, everyone smiles. Father rubbed my head. %char1%… Things will be hard for you. If you aren’t careful, you might even die. But still… Even still, %char1%, we want you to live. So please, forgive us for our selfishness. My heart started pounding… It was like… It was like I wasn’t ever going to see them again. Nooo! Mommy! Daddy! I didn’t want to leave them. My mother pushed me, hard, and I flew from the cliff, through the air, and fell into the ocean. All I could see were bubbles popping violently here and there. I hurried to get my head above water. And then… I saw it. I saw the exact second that the three-headed dog leaped at my parents. NOOOOOOOOOOO!! The current took me, but I kicked the whole way. When I finally found myself on the shore, the sky was already dark. Huff… Huff… There were other survivors from the village there too. But some of the dead villagers had washed up as well. The sky had already returned to its normal color. I had no idea what had happened.    But I wanted to see my parents again, more than anything. I hurried back to the cliff where I had left them. There were bones lying all around. It looked like reinforcements had arrived from the castle to drive the monsters off. When I arrived, I found strips of flesh and the skeleton of that monster. Knights and adventurers were carrying it off. I was able to piece together what had happened. Well, good thing it had already taken a beating… Yeah, otherwise we probably couldn’t have beaten it. The adventurers and knight were bantering when they noticed me there What’s with the brat? Should we grab her? Wait. We are in the demi-human territory. What are you talking about? The area lord is dead, didn’t you hear? Oh yeah? Anyway, leave her alone. You know what would happen. They all split and made room for me to pass. Then I walked to the edge of the cliff and saw what had become of my parents. I started shaking and sobbing. NOOOOOOOOOO! How much time had passed? By the time I knew what I was doing, I had already made graves for my parents. Don’t forget to smile. Be nice to the others. She’s right. When you smile, everyone smiles. Right… They had given their lives to save the other villagers, and they had entrusted the survivors to me. I’d show them… I’d be good for everyone! I wouldn’t let their deaths be in vain… If I just stayed there crying, my parents would be upset. I won’t cry anymore. I’m going now… I started walking back to the village. Uhuuuuhh…. Daddy… Mommy…    The villagers that had run for the ocean had formed a crowd. There were many more children than adults. Is that %char1%?! Yes. Did your parents make it? An old man who had been our neighbor asked me. He looked concerned. I tried as hard as I could not cry. I shook my head. Oh… That’s… He was unable to find any words. He must have known that anything he said would make me cry. It’s okay. My parents told me to cheer everyone up.  Did they? You’re such a strong girl. Hee, hee. Was I laughing? It’s fine. If I cried, my parents would be upset. Everyone! I shouted to get everyone’s attention and all the eyes of the crying children were on me. I know that you are all sad. I am too. But would our parents and brothers and friends want us to stay here and cry? Everyone seemed troubled by my words. They were twisting their faces up. I put my hand on my heart and stepped forward. To all of you that think our loved ones haven’t died, I ask you how would they feel if they came back to our village and found it like this? Right. This was everyone’s village. We couldn’t just leave it how it was. My dad, and the lord, had always said that the village was a family that we all made together. I know how sad you are. Believe me, I know. But that is all the more reason to rebuild. I mean, we’re a family! Yes, father had always said so. He said to treat the rest of the village as if they were part of our family. So I would do it. I would take care of them all, just like father had said. Right? Please?    I did all I could to summon a smile. %char1%… %char1%, aren’t you sad? Why are you smiling? Your father died! My smile weakened at their exclamation. I wouldn’t cry… If I started crying, I’d never been able to stop… Right… I’m… not… sad. I can’t cry. If I started to cry, no one would be able to comfort me. Oh… Look at how hard this girl is trying! Come on everyone. If she can do it, we can do it! Yeah! Okay! You’re right, %char1%! I’ll do my best too! Keel had been crying, but he turned to me, invigorated. Yes! The Lord had given our village a flag. It had been a present and a symbol of the town. Just then it fluttered down from above and fell before me. It was like it was agreeing with me. That was it. It was a sign, a sign that my parents were watching over us. I picked up the flag, and the other villagers brought over a large pole for it. We attached the flag to the pole. It’s a sign from heaven! Let’s work to rebuild our village! Yeah! And so everyone decided to try and rebuild. NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!! I was instantly awake. I was inside of the tent we had set up. My house had burned to the ground—most of ours had. So we were all sleeping together in a large tent I think I might have been dreaming. Hey, did you hear that voice? An older man was rushing over in my direction. %char1%, you were screaming. Was I?    I needed to smile. If I didn’t, it would worry the rest of them. I’m fine! It was just a bad dream. Okay… well… don’t overdo it. I’m fine! Thank you though. Father. Mother. I’m doing my best, I promise… The next morning we decided to leave the completely destroyed houses the way they were for now and focus on repairing houses that we could live in sooner. We also put some people in charge of making graves for the bodies that had washed up on shore. The adults were all focused on rebuilding the town, and all the children were doing what they could to help. But we were getting worried about the food supplies. They might not hold out. We had discussed sending fishing boats out to get more food, but the sea was very rough, and we decided it best to save that for later. What now… We all counted the survivors. There was only one quarter of the village left alive. Even still, one of the older men said that we had made out as well as he could have hoped for. It’s just like %char1% said. We are all still alive. Yeah! What I hadn’t known then was that all our efforts were going to be tossed aside mercilessly. Hey! What are you doing?! There were some scummy-looking men wandering through the village, and they were pointing their swords at a group of adults. Hey! Who are you guys?! Ahahah! I’d heard that there were still some demi-humans alive here. Guess it was true! Yeah, and this area isn’t protected. We could probably make some good money!    Yeah! Argh! One of the older men stepped forward and yelled at the attackers. The lord of these lands will never forgive you for this behavior! There are castle knights still in the area too! The nasty-looking men all smiled at once. What do we care if your dead lord gets mad? And besides… Swipe! It happened quicker than I could see. It happened before I could understand what was going on. The old man’s stomach was split open. One of the bad men had cut him with his sword. What the… Ahaha! Can’t you tell? We are the castle knights! They haven’t figured it out yet, have they, Boss? Nope! AHAHAHAHAHA! The old man fell over in a pool of blood. He didn’t even twitch. The pool of blood was spreading. Soon it was at my toes. Ah! AHHHHHHHHH! Suddenly everyone was panicking. I didn’t know what to do, so I ran. Don’t let them escape! Kill the old ones! We can sell the women and children, so don’t run them down! I can’t really remember what happened next. Noooooo! Calm down! Take that! Ugh…. Someone had a hold on my hair. I felt like someone had hit me, and then nothing. A week passed. I continued having dreams of my parents’ deaths. They caught me, and sold me into slavery. The first owner seemed nice. He just wanted me to act as a servant, but then he sold me, and I still don’t know why. The next one… Take that! Ugh…    Why? Why did they treat me this way? He was a fat man and looked like a bad man. He kept me in the basement of a large house, in a town I’d never heard of. There were animals there. They were just like me… Ugh… Apparently this man had bought Rifana before he’d bought me. Every day, whenever he felt like it, he would hang me from the ceiling in chains and beat me with a whip. He hit me until I was bloody. Then he would keep hitting me. Whenever I tried to stop him, or tried to protest, the slave curse on my chest would burn me. The pain from the whip was driving me crazy. But I wasn’t going to give up. I’d bare it, for my parents, and for everyone in the village that hadn’t made it. So I wouldn’t give up. %char1%… Cough. It’s okay... It’s okay. We’ll make it back to the village. When I reunited with Rifana, she was already sick. Even still, the man never stopped hitting her. Yes… We… We’ll… make it… What did this man want from us? Did he just think it was fun to beat us with a whip? Ha! Why are you still having dreams of a better life? Slap! He hit me again, and I felt blood trickle down my back. I felt tears well up at the pain. Yes! Scream from the pain! Ahhh! After that point, things got worse. He started to torture me. I was finally free, and ragged, but I crawled over the muddy floor to go take care of Rifana. He brought us an awful stinking bowl of soup. It tasted like mud. It was our only food for the day. Huff… Huff… I slowly fed it to Rifana. That was one more day of life for her. It would be okay. We had to make it back to the village. Everyone was waiting for us. Hold on… I swear I’ll help you.    There were latticed iron bars that ran almost to the floor. I realized that if I took a rock from the wall and used it to dig out the foundation under the bars, then we’d be able to wriggle under them and escape! It just had to work. Thank you. Yes! We’ll meet everyone again! My mother and father had told me to take care of everyone. The other villagers were sure to save us. Sadeena would definitely rally the others to come save us. All we needed to do was survive long enough. You… remember that…day? Raph…ta…lia… Rifana was shivering. She was stretching out her hand to the ceiling. You remember… that… lord’s… flag? Yes… yes! I grabbed her hand and squeezed it hard. I remembered. That flag had given us hope. I missed those quiet days… those days when nothing was wrong. But those days were gone. So I had to bring them back. It was up to me. Cough! Cough! Three days passed. I could hear his footsteps coming close. %char1%… Cough! The horrible time was starting again. I’d caught Rifana’s cold. But I was going to be fine. I slid a pile of wet straw over the hole I was chipping away under the bars. … Rifana wasn’t answering me. Rifana? The man opened the door to the stable where she was and touched her. Guess she’s dead. Ugh, what a pain. He lifted her body roughly by the shoulder and muttered to himself. Rifana hung there, her eyes empty and cold.    Damn, and it was almost time to return her too. This is a breach of contract! Then he kicked her body, like she was just a toy. I didn’t know it at the time, but I found out later. Apparently there was a class of people that entertained themselves by buying demi-humans as slaves and then torturing them. That’s what we were, just slaves sold to satisfy that man’s personal whims. Heee?! What? What? Rifana? No… It couldn’t be. I reached out a shaky hand to touch her. She was so cold, so cold! I couldn’t believe it. No… Rifana! I was sad, angry, terrified… hopeless. I had so many different emotions stirring inside of me. Why? Rifana hadn’t done anything wrong! It’s because you won’t stop crying at night! She couldn’t get any sleep! This is YOUR fault! No… Ugh… Sniff… Rifana… The man strung me up and started to whip me. He hit me even longer than usual that day. But I kept my eyes locked on Rifana the whole time, and I couldn’t even feel the pain. Oh hey, you’re always muttering about some village, aren’t you? … I didn’t have to answer him. Everyone was waiting for me. Apparently that village was destroyed a while ago. Here’s proof. He held out a crystal ball. A beam of light came out of the crystal ball and projected an image of the village on the wall. It was worse than the village I knew. It was destroyed, and there wasn’t anyone there. The flag was tattered and burnt, and the ground was littered with bones.    Oh yeah, I heard you saying that you were the person who supported everyone in that village. Apparently everyone left it to rot and ran away. Ah… The man flashed a smile. He had never seen me cry, never seen me blink. He was enjoying this. Ug…. Ugh… Wahhhh! Something inside me snapped. I couldn’t do it anymore. My mother and father had entrusted the village to me, but there was no one left. Then what should I do? There was nothing left for me. Cry! Cry harder! The pain was so intense I thought I would go crazy. The dreams I had every night were starting to rot my brain. They were of the last time I saw my parents. It got even worse. I was a bad kid because I hadn’t saved the village. They hoped I never smiled again. I didn’t have the right to live. They kept whispering: Die… Die… They were… right. I would never smile again. I didn’t want to. Because I… Because I broke my promise… The man finally sold me. Either that or the time had run out on his torture game. This is horrible. This is way under what she’s worth. Damn. C’mon, she’s on the verge of death. I can’t use her in this condition, so I’m going to have to subtract lost time from the price. I understand. Yes. A fat man dressed in a nice suit bought me. He was different from the last slave trader to manage me. What would my next owner be like? I’m sure she could have been treated a little better… The new owner gave me medicine and food. Cough! Cough! I don’t think she will last very long.    The owner said as he put me in a cage. So… I finally wasn’t worth anything to anyone. My parents were gone, and my village was gone. It was like the world was telling me to die. It hurt. I wanted to die. I wanted it to be quick. I don’t know how much time passed. I was just staring through the bars of my cage. Many people came and went. And then… This is about the cheapest I can offer you. The slave trader had brought a young man to my cage. The one on the right has a genetic disease. He’s a rabbit. The one in the middle has panic attacks and is a raccoon, and the last one is a mixedbreed lizard man. They all have their share of problems. The young man was negotiating with the slave trader. The young man met my gaze for a minute. His eyes were sharp enough to kill. He looked angry. I gasped. His eyes wandered to the other two slaves. His eyes were scary. He was filled with hate, more hate than the man that whipped me. It looked like he hated the whole world. If he bought me, I’d probably die in a day or two… She has panic attacks in the night. She’s a lot of trouble… Were they talking about me? I couldn’t tell. But in the end, the young man bought me. The spell to register as a slave always hurt. I hated it. But I was sure this would be my last owner. Because I… I didn’t have much time left. A little while later, the new owner gave me a knife and made me kill a monster. It was so scary, but if I didn’t do it, the curse on my chest burned. We left the weapon shop, and my stomach started rumbling. He was going to yell at me! I shook my head; I wanted to tell him that I was fine. I was fine! So don’t be mad at me! Don’t whip me! Sigh… He just sighed.    Was he angry? He just walked off and brought me to another shop. They were selling food there. I think I had seen the shop in town before. I’ll have the cheapest lunch you’ve got, and she’ll have the kid’s meal that that kid over there is having. What?! I had been gazing, envious, at what that other kid had been eating. Then my new owner just bought it for me? I couldn’t believe my own ears. Everyone outside of my village was supposed to be evil, weren’t they? Wh…Why? Hm? You looked like you wanted to eat it. What’s the problem? You want something else? I shook my head. Why are you feeding me? Because, ever since I’d become a slave, no one had treated me this way. I already told you. You looked like you wanted to eat that. But… Just eat it. I need you to be healthy. If you stay skinny like that, you’re just going to die. Die…? I would die. I was sure to die… Just like Rifana. I’d die of the same disease. Here you are. The waitress set a big, elaborate meal in front of me. There was a flag sticking out of it. What I had been envious of, only minutes before, I now had for my own. I hesitated. I bet that when I went to eat it, the young man would throw it to the ground and laugh at me. Aren’t you going to eat? He looked at me, confused. Can I? Yeah, hurry up. Yes. He would probably destroy it all. I slowly reached my hand out. I looked quickly over at him.    He didn’t look like he was going to do anything. I touched the food. I pulled the little flag out and felt like I’d accomplished something. I felt like, as long as I had that flag, I didn’t need anything from anyone. I felt like I was back in my village. I felt like it was the very same flag, the one that we’d lost. I held tight to the flag as I ate the food. It was so delicious that I found tears streaming down my cheeks. If I cried, he’d yell at me for sure. I tried to wipe them away without letting him notice. Is it good? Yes! No! I’d accidentally answered him, and he’d seen that I was happy. He would punish me for sure. Good. That’s all he said. I couldn’t understand. I held tight to the flag. I felt like it was filled with… something. Compared to the flag our Lord had given us, it was very small and very cheap, but it felt like it contained all that I’d lost. It felt like it wanted me to remember something important. I turned to the young man. He looked just as angry as ever, but something was different. What was it? His face and voice were so scary, but was he really a nice person? I had so many doubts. A lot happened that day. He gave me medicine and made me walk to all kinds of places. But there was one major difference. The dream that had been haunting me was different. %char1%… My parents were standing on top of the cliff. Father! Mother! I ran to them with all my might. I wanted to see them. I wanted to stay with them. I shouldn’t. I knew that I shouldn’t, not in front of them, but I felt tears filling my eyes.    It’s okay… It’s okay… Don’t cry. Be strong. Ugh… But… I kept crying, and my parents just held me and rubbed my head. We are always watching over you. Yes. Please, be happy. But… You’ll be okay with him… Then I woke up. I couldn’t believe it. My new owner was holding me, and rubbing my head. He wasn’t a bad person. He wouldn’t play with me, wouldn’t hurt me. He was clumsy and rude, but he was a good person. He didn’t have any money, but he still gave me medicine, bought me food, and prioritized my equipment over his own. Then, I finally found out who he really was. His eyes were dark and filled with hatred and sadness. He was violent, angry and vulgar. He was scary. But he understood pain, and at his heart he was kind. Yes, he was the person that Rifana and I longed for… the Shield Hero. The Shield Hero bought me all kinds of things. I had lost everything, but now I was surrounded by treasures. Hee, Hee… The Hero gave me a bag, and I smiled as I filled it with the treasures he’d given me. There was the ball. There was the broken knife. There were lots of things. But the most important one was that flag. And there were many things that I couldn’t put into the bag. I felt healthier, better, and stronger. Here, eat up. Okay! Rifana, can you hear me? I’m fighting with the Shield Hero. You’d never believe it. I had a dream that night too… a good one.    Rifana, she was standing right in front of me. She was smiling. I told her everything that had happened. We talked about all kinds of things. %char1%, keep your chin up! I will. Lucky you! Fighting with the Shield Hero! Heh, heh… Jealous? Ahaha! A little! In my dream, she looked happy and peaceful. She was smiling at me. I’m watching out for you. I know. Let’s go back to our village, where the flag is. Yes! I’ll see you there! I hoped that my parents were watching me from wherever they were. I wanted them to see me rebuild it all. I wanted strength. I wanted to be strong enough to take care of the bad people that wanted to hurt us. The world was so cruel and hard. It was filled with darkness and evil, but I wasn’t going to give up. I didn’t want to lose anyone else. I’ll get stronger, enough to protect my parents, to protect Rifana. Yes, to protect Mr. %Name%. I could do it. And so I continue on.                Prologue: Shared Pain   I woke up in the castle storeroom. It was musty. I really hated it in there, but I felt pretty well-rested. Snoring… I could hear rhythmic snoring coming from the pile of straw next to me. A young girl named %char1% was sleeping there. Let’s take a minute to review what’s happened. My name is %Name%. I’m a sophomore in college. I was born in Japan, just like everyone else. To be honest, I was always a bit of an Otaku. I was at the library flipping through a book called The Records of the Four Holy Weapons when, for whatever reason, I found myself transported to the fantasy world it spoke of. I had been summoned to serve the role of the Shield Hero. The world was suffering under waves of destruction, in which hoards of monsters and horrible disasters spilled over from other dimensions through rifts in space. Four heroes were summoned to protect the world from harm. I had a shield on my arm that I couldn’t remove— maybe it was under some sort of curse? I found myself unable to go on the offense at all. All I could do was defend. But I had some experience with online MMORPGs, so I focused on defending myself, and recruited someone else to attack for me. We set out on our adventure, and I was very excited. But I fell into a wicked trap. Someone framed me for a crime I didn’t commit, and I found myself convicted. So nobody trusted me from that point on. I couldn’t make any friends or get anyone to help me, and they ran me out of the castle without a word. I was in a really tough spot. I figured I would just not do anything. I thought I didn’t have to fight against the waves of destruction. I was wrong. The waves of destruction arrived around once every month, and we heroes were instantly transported to the site of destruction. I was forced to protect a bunch of people that I didn’t care a lick for— it wasn’t fair at all. I did all I could to raise money to survive, and all the    while people jeered at me. They threw rocks at me. So that girl that was sleeping next to me, %char1%, she’s a demihuman slave. I bought her. Slavery still exists in this world, and in this particular country, Melromarc, there were people with animal attributes called demi-humans. They were sold into slavery all the time. When I bought her she was just a little girl, but as we leveled up she grew very quickly, until she appeared only slightly younger than myself. Apparently demi-humans grew differently than the rest of us—they developed based on their level, not their age. In the beginning, I thought I’d work her hard, considering she was a slave and all. But soon enough this pompous jerk named %char6% forced me to battle. During the fight, %char1% believed in me and attempted to sacrifice her own freedom to protect me. Well, there were other things too, but in the end we became close friends, and we trust each other deeply. Honestly, for the longest time, I couldn’t have cared less if everyone in the world just dropped dead. But now, I sort of feel like I want to help out. Ah… %char1% woke up and rubbed her eyes. Good morning, Mr. %Name%… Ah… Um… Morning. Looking at her again, she really was quite beautiful. Her face was like a work of art. I could use words besides beautiful, but I’ll hold off for now. Her hair was brown and hung in loose curls down her back. Her eyes were big and bright. They were the color of a deep red tea. They were the most beautiful eyes I’d ever seen. With all that she had been through, I don’t know how her eyes were still so pure and kind. They were too pure to belong in a body of her age. They really were the most charming thing about her. I leveled up and earned money with %char1% until the first wave of destruction came. It was the first wave I’d seen, but it was the second wave that had visited the world. It was a hard fight, but I’ll tell you all about that later on. The really tough stuff happened afterwards. Should we go get some breakfast? Yeah. Think we can get some in the castle dining hall?    Perhaps… Let’s go see. So we made for the dining hall, and I kept running over all we’d been through. By the way, my bad name had yet to be cleared. The castle officials treated me coldly. Anytime I tried to go to the cafeteria the guards would turn me away. The knights and other heroes are still eating, they’d say. Come back when everyone else is done. If I hadn’t been forced to be the Shield Hero, if only I could have attacked, I’d have taken care of that whole crowd a long time ago. And I wouldn’t have let being a hero stop me! We finished eating and were led into the audience chambers. The occasion was to be one of celebration. We were all about to be compensated for our efforts during the wave of destruction. Give me a break! If they were going to make us wait a day before they paid us, they should have said so in the first place! I swear, the Trash was just trying to piss me off. The thought of spending another second with this group of jerks was unbearable. What if I got an ulcer? The person I called Trash was, in fact, the king of this land, Aultcray Melromarc… the Second? The Third? I can’t remember. Anyway, apparently he was the one who summoned me here. When I’d been framed and accused and convicted, he never even tried to find out the truth. He just let it all go and let me take the fall. Some king, right? And then, just last night, he used his authority to throw a fit and cause a big disturbance. Now then, we will distribute the reward funds for your performance in the last battle, and also your preparatory funds for the next wave. That’s what I really needed: money for preparations. The Trash had promised to give the money to all of us heroes. An attendant entered the room. He held a bag of money stiffly in his fist. Now then, to each of the heroes. I turned to look at the bags of money. At the very least, they were sure to provide us with 500 pieces of silver for each month.    What would I buy with it? It would probably be wise to start with a new weapon for %char1%. Or maybe it was time to invest in some better armor? Come to think of it, I also wanted some new materials to use for making medicine. I could let my shield absorb them too. I could see what kind of abilities they got me. I listened to all the coins sliding around inside the bag and fantasized about what I would buy. The attendant held the bag open so that I could see the contents. I quickly counted the coins inside. Yes, there seemed to be 500 pieces in there. To Mr. %char6%, both in recognition of his performance, and to express our future expectations for him, we present 4,000 silver. Hey now! I was taken aback. I staggered and quickly looked over at the very heavy bag that %char6% was now holding. If I were to say something, it certainly wouldn’t get me anything but contempt though, so I just bit my tongue. I felt my fingers curling, involuntarily, into a fist. They called this guy Mr. %char6%, but his real name was %char6% Kitamura. Like myself, he had been summoned from an alternate Japan, and he was one the four heroes—the Spear Hero. He was twenty-one-years-old. The other heroes apparently had experience in, and knew all about, this world. They knew it from some game they had played back in their own worlds. But they didn’t share any of that knowledge with me. They framed me and kicked me when I was down. So this %char6% guy apparently ended up getting stabbed because of his womanizing and then woke up here. That’s just what he says though, so who knows if it is true or not. He only allowed women into his party. It was like he was setting up some kind of harem or something. Last night, thinking that I was abusing %char1% as a slave, and to satisfy some kind of messiah complex, he decided to try and save her from me and challenged me to a duel. Normally a duel would have to be agreed on by both parties, and both parties would need to have something to gain by it, but not this one. He forced me to fight when I had nothing to gain. Obviously I refused, but the    Trash stepped in and forced me to participate. If I lost, they would take %char1% from me, and if I won, I got nothing—pretty damn unfair, if you ask me. Anyway, I had to fight him, and I didn’t want to go down without a fight. So I did what I could with what I had and ended up pinning him. It looked like I was going to win, but then someone cheated and attacked me from behind to ensure I lost. In the end though, %char1% refused %char6% and came to my side on her own, and that was that. So basically this guy is the cause of all my troubles. Honestly, he looks like your typical ladies man. He’s handsome enough, and entertains himself by hitting on girls all the time. He wore a glamorous, polished silver breastplate. He was very clearly on the winning team. Next, Mr. Ren. In recognition of your fulfillment of our request, and of course to express our trust and hopes in you, your reward is 3,800 pieces of silver. Him too?! Ren was standing there pretending to be unfazed, but he was obviously jealous of %char6%’s more impressive funding. He let the bag of silver hang heavy from his hand. I could hear him muttering to himself, Just cause you’re the king’s little favorite… Ren’s real name was %char4%, and just like me, he had been summoned here from another Japan somewhere. He was the Sword Hero. I think he said that he was sixteen-years-old. Yes, he was from Japan too, but not the same Japan that I was from. In his world they had something called VRMMO, and it was some kind of system that let you enter a virtual world completely. Wherever that Japan was, it was more technologically advanced than the world I was from. Apparently there were many different Japans. Had you asked me a year ago, I probably would have jumped at the chance to visit his world. He was about as tall as you would expect a sixteen-year-old to be, and his face was a pretty little thing. A very princely swordsman, that’s him. He always played it cool, but I got the impression that he was actually very hotheaded under all the acting. He was condescending, and I always    imagined him thinking of himself as the REAL hero, the one that would save the world because of what he knew about games. Now for Mr. %char5%. News of your deeds has echoed throughout the land. You truly did an amazing job in such trying times. Your reward is 3,800 pieces of silver. %char5% sighed, but seemed to consider that the compensation was just. Even still, I saw him cast a jealous glance in %char6%’s direction. His real name was %char5%, and he was a year older than Ren, so seventeen-years-old. He gave of an impression of softness and delicacy. And yet, there was an emptiness and vanity about him. He carried the Legendary Bow. We hadn’t spoken much, so I still didn’t know very much about him. But he had the same sort of knowledge about the world that Ren and %char6% had, and I knew that he came from yet another Japan. He looked like the youngest among us heroes. But in reality, Ren was the youngest. Even still, what was this request that the king mentioned to Ren? It was the first I’ve heard of it. As for the Shield, we hope he will make more of an effort from now on. He didn’t even use my name! Who’s this Shield? I was so irritated, I felt like I might snap. After the crap he pulled yesterday? I reached out for my bag of money, but the attendant pulled it away before I could grab it. As a fee for the removal of the slavery curse placed on %char1%, your support funds will be revoked! The bastard! Um… My liege… %char1% raised her hand. What is it demi-human? What was this request you mentioned? So %char1% was trying to figure it out too. She ignored that our money was being taken away and approached it from another angle. The problems that plague our great nation are being dealt with, on my request, by the heroes.    Why hasn’t this same request been made of Mr. %Name%? This is the first I’ve heard of this. Ha! What could the Shield hope to accomplish? Damn! I really hated this guy. Everyone in the audience chamber started snickering. Oh man… I couldn’t stand it. I was about to explode. … I thought I was having a hard time, but I could actually hear how hard %char1% was balling her hands into fists. I looked over, and she was nearly shaking with rage. Okay, I think we can hold it in for now. Well, it’s true that he didn’t really help much. You’re right. I didn’t see him during the battle. I wonder what he was doing? If a Hero won’t throw himself into battle, I’m not sure what he’s good for. The remaining three heroes all added their ironic comments. Now I was getting really annoyed. I had to say something. Sure, leaving all the villagers to die while you rush off to fight the boss—that’s really saving the day, isn’t it? Heroes? Right, they had ignored the groups of villagers that were in trouble and ran straight for a single enemy on the battlefield. Someone had to save the people, and that job fell to me. Ha! That’s what the knights are for! Isn’t it? Yeah, the problem is that the knights are idiots! If I’d left them to the knights, how many people do you think would have died? You wouldn’t even know because you were only looking at the boss! %char6%, Ren, and %char5% all turned to look at the captain of the knights. The captain slowly nodded in irritation before speaking.     But… If the Heroes aren’t doing all they can to suppress the wave at its source, the destruction will only grow! Stop your foolish boasting! Ha! I couldn’t believe my ears. All he did was arrogantly lounge around the castle... And besides, was everyone forgetting that I was one of the heroes? Or what was this? Were they saying I wasn’t the Shield Hero at all? All right, all right. Well, the rest of us are pretty busy, so we’ll just be getting on our way now. Getting in a fight now wouldn’t do me any good. The best thing I could do was just leave quietly. Wait now, Shield. Huh? What is it now? Unlike some haughty king on his throne, I actually have things to do. You are even worse than I could have expected. Leave me! And do not ever show your face here again. What the?! This Trash would go to any length to piss me off! Excellent news, don’t you think? Mr. %Name%? %char1% was grinning from ear to ear. What? Now we don’t have to waste our time in this place anymore. Instead of spending our time on trifles, now we can dedicate ourselves to something of worth. Y…Yeah. I was starting to feel like I could really depend on her. She took my hand in hers and squeezed it. She must have been angry too. It felt like we had so much anger between us, anger we couldn’t handle on our own. But together… Wait just a moment. %char5% threw his hand in the air and spoke to the Trash. What is it, Bow Hero? What was he up to? Not like I could expect him to say anything that made any sense at all. About the duel last night. Mr. %Name%was treated unfairly, as someone intervened from behind. What are you planning to do about that? That’s basically what I wanted to ask.    For a split second, the room went silent. I’m not sure what you mean. Well, the duel was originally over Ms. %char1%’s freedom. Despite the clear evidence that the duel was not fair, Ms. %char1%’s slavery curse was still removed. Now this was supposed to be payment for losing the duel, correct? And yet, you have also revoked Mr. %Name%’s payment under the pretext of payment for the curse removal. I’m asking if you think that is a just arrangement. What’s this now? %char5%’s eyes were sharp, and he was speaking out, strongly, against the king? He’s right. I was watching from up above, and according to the rules, if it was a fair match, %Name%should have won. I didn’t lose! %char6% shouted, but Ren and %char5% were not listening to his protest. Their eyes were cold. Depending on your answer, we might need to reconsider whether %Name% is even guilty of the crimes he’s been accused of. I… Well… The Trash sat there, his eyes moving over the crowd, dumbfounded. Oh, it wasn’t like that at all! Mr. %char5%, Mr. Ren! You’ve got it all wrong! Bitch was all decked out in fine clothes and a thick smear of makeup. She pushed her way through the crowd. That’s right! It was all her, the woman that framed me and dragged my name through the mud, the Bitch! %char3% Suphia. Apparently her real name was Malty, but who cares about her stupid name? Like her personality, her hair was dark red, and she had an obnoxious, scheming air about her. Even still, I had to admit that she was pretty. When we’d first set out adventuring, nobody volunteered to go with me but her. But she ended up stealing all of the money I’d been provided before framing me for a crime, ruining my reputation, and running to %char6%’s side. She was pure evil. So I’d made up my mind to call her Bitch from that point on. And would you believe it? Bitch just happens to be the princess too.    The book I was reading back in my own world, The Records of the Four Holy Weapons, also spoke of a bitchy princess. I was pretty sure that it had been talking about her. The duel was supposed to be one-on-one, and yet the Shield Hero hid monsters under his cape to use against his opponent. This is a clear violation of the rules, and therefore my father, the king, has made a wise ruling. Give me a break. How could he expect me to fight when I wasn’t even capable of attacking! They must have known that when they challenged me to a duel. I understand how you feel, and yet… You just can’t agree? %char5% and Ren looked disappointed. Bitch was obviously trying to think of another way out of it. Her brain only worked when she was plotting against someone else. Ms. %char3%. Even if what you say is true, your own actions also constitute a violation of the rules. Sure, he hasn’t been working as hard as the rest of us, but from what I could tell the guild hasn’t given him any work either. Doesn’t he need at least a little support, just to survive? Besides, he really did protect the villagers during the wave when the knights didn’t do anything. Bitch’s face twisted up. I could tell she was annoyed. What could she do? Sure, she could use her authority as the princess, but she knew she couldn’t get away with obviously manipulating the heroes. The burden of proof should be on her. This was different from the time they framed me. There hadn’t been any witnesses back then. Very well then. We will provide him with a small amount of funds. Take them and be gone. The Trash gave his pompous order from on high, and an attendant tossed a bag of money in my direction. Very well then, my liege. We will take our leave. Thank you for your judicious consideration. %char1% sounded cheerful, and she led me out of the castle. Running off with his tail between his legs.    As if %char6% had any room to talk. Ren and %char5% stood by in silence. Who knew? Just acknowledging our mutual hatred made life so much easier. Besides, it was starting to seem like Ren and %char5% were harboring their own doubts about %char6%. Even still, they weren’t going to do anything about it. They wouldn’t sacrifice their own position, now would they? Nah… They’d have to stay on my blacklist for now. All right then, let’s head back to the slave trader’s tent and have him reapply the slave curse. What? %char1% said this to me immediately after exiting the castle gates. If we don’t, I don’t think you’ll ever be able to really believe me, from the bottom of your heart. I don’t… C’mon, you don’t need to be a slave anymore. I think I do. What? Mr. %Name%, you’ve lost the ability to believe in anyone who is not your slave. Don’t you lie to me about it ether. Had I done a bad job raising her? She was right that I couldn’t believe in anyone who wasn’t a slave, but still, I think I could believe in her, even if she wasn’t a slave. If %char1% had only been thinking of herself, then she would have run to %char6% after the duel. That would have been best for her. She knew that everyone in the kingdom hated me, and that no one trusted me. And yet she still chose to team up with me. That said something. Hey, %char1%… What is it? You really don’t need to get the curse. But I want it. What was wrong with this girl? I want proof that you believe in me. When she said that, I instantly thought that I wanted to protect her.    Emotion welled up in my chest. I think it was love, but there was something else there too. She certainly looked like a full-grown woman, but she’d been a child only a week or two prior. Apparently demi-humans matured by level as opposed to age. She had lost her parents in a wave of destruction only recently. Maybe the emotion I was feeling wasn’t romantic love—no, I think it was more like the love of a parent. I must have felt that way because I’d seen her grow up before my own eyes. Yes, that had to be it. That must be what it feels like to be a parent. That would be my role. I had to watch over her. C’mon, let’s go. If she was that insistent on it, then I wasn’t going to be able to stop her. She could do whatever she wanted. We decided to pay a visit to that tent, the one that was selling slaves.       Well, well, if it isn’t the Hero! What can I do for you today? We entered the tent, and the courteous slave trader was right there to meet us. Woah… He looked %char1% over carefully and grunted in surprise. She’s certainly changed. Who thought she was such a diamond in the rough? He looked over at me and sighed. He was the slave trader that had met me at my darkest hour. Just as I had all my possessions stolen and reputation ruined, just when I realized I had to level up without any means of attack, he showed up and asked if I might be interested in a slave. He was an older man, plump, and decked out in a suit with coattails. He looked untrustworthy, to say the least. But he took a liking to me for some reason and said he would do what he could to help. He was the man who sold me %char1%. What? I thought she was more like us. I hadn’t realized she had so much potential. What the hell was that supposed to mean? I almost blew up at him but managed to control myself. I didn’t want to ruin our relationship. Who knew when I might need his services in the future? I’d say something along those lines. Whether they live or die, the proper way to use a slave is the way that raises the quality of the product. I responded in a threatening tone: I guess all the slaves you know of are disposable? N…%Name%? She was looking at me, worried that I wasn’t showing proper respect to authority. I was aware of it myself, that I was a little out of control. But I was feeling better than I had the last time I met him.    Heh, heh, heh… I suppose so. You’ve got me trembling. I couldn’t tell if he liked my answer or not, but he was smiling. Now then, as for the appraisal. She certainly has become a beauty, but if she’s not a virgin then I would say… 20 pieces of gold? Why are you assuming he’s here to sell me?! And besides, I AM a virgin! He jumped back at the force of her exclamation. Now we’re talking! How does 30 pieces of gold sound? Naturally, I’ll have to confirm your virginity. Mr. %Name%! I could get 30 pieces of gold for %char1%? Mr. %Name%! Please say something! If I had 30 pieces of gold, I could easily buy that level 75 Wolf Man! I was thinking it over when %char1% shot me a terrified look before grabbing onto my shoulders. Mr. %Name%, if you don’t stop playing around, I’ll get angry! What is it? Why are you so upset? This guy is sizing me up, and you aren’t saying anything about it. We have to look nonchalant or we’ll lose face. That’s all I could think of to get her off of my back. If I didn’t hide my thoughts better, %char1% would figure out what I was thinking. And besides, it’s not like I would sell off the only person that believed in me. And yet… 30 pieces of gold…? I caught myself muttering, and %char1% gripped my shoulders even harder. Ouch! Ouch! It looked like %char1%’s attack power was now stronger than my own defense. That was good. I could depend on that in battle. You want me to just run away? Right now? I’m just kidding. I was just surprised that you are worth that much. But… But Mr. %Name%… She relaxed her grip and looked embarrassed. Anyway, Slave Trader, I’ve already decided not to sell her. Who would sell off their own daughter?    Daughter? Don’t worry about it. Huh…? Even if I behaved like her father, she really only had two actual parents. If I just started behaving like her father, she was sure to hate it. Well, that is too bad. Too bad indeed… Now then, what can I do for you? Haven’t you heard all the commotion at the castle? He smiled at the question. I’ve heard of it. The slave curse has been lifted, yes? If you already know then that makes things easier. And if you already know, then don’t waste our time appraising her worth. I’d been on the verge of losing my good graces with her. That king’s rash remarks are not going to get rid of slavery in this kingdom. No sir. The previous night the king was so upset that I was keeping %char1% as a slave that he was going bend the laws to confiscate her. Apparently the only justification was that %char6% didn’t like the idea of it. Huh? But the royal family doesn’t keep slaves, do they? Ha! The royals buy more slaves than anyone. They find all sorts of ways to put them to use. Yes sir. That idiot %char6%! The stupid Spear Hero, did he think that he could say all those things and not end up a hypocrite against the Crown? Come to think of it, that really would be hilarious, and it would probably be better for the country in the end. Yes, the country is not monolithic. There are many different voices to be heard. If the Crown were to speak out against it, they would be the first ones to suffer from the proclamation. Yes sir. Does the fool really have that much power? Yes, the monarchy exercised absolute authority—but that doesn't mean it can do whatever it wants. If the Crown acts against the wishes of the people, there will be riots. Under such circumstances, the royal family may not be able to hold on to power for very long. His little princess wouldn’t be too happy about losing her shot at the throne. Yes well, there are people with more power than the king… Um… What about the slave curse? Did we forget about that?    Oh, yes, right away. The conversation got derailed a little. And besides, if we weren’t going to see the Trash anymore, who cared? Yes, so you’ve come to have the curse reapplied, correct? Yeah, can you do it? Naturally. He snapped his fingers, and a servant appeared with the same jar that we had used for the ceremony the last time. %char1% looked ashamed as she removed her breastplate and exposed her chest. H…How is it? What? Sigh. Huh? Why did she look so upset? And why was she sighing? Did I do something wrong? Just like the last time, they mixed my blood with some ink and painted the curse seal onto %char1%’s chest. The pattern began to shine and glow. Ugh… She grit her teeth in pain. The slave icon reappeared in my field of vision. A window also appeared detailing the rules of use. I suppose I didn’t need to read it as thoroughly as I had the last time. %char1% had become a slave once again to earn my trust. I needed to believe in her too. Honestly, she really didn’t need to bother with the whole ceremony. It was just a show. Now then. I started mulling over the next steps to take when I noticed the pot of ink, I reached out to touch it, and my shield began to react. Hey, can I buy some of this ink off of you? Certainly. I poured the remaining ink onto the shield. The shield absorbed the ink. Slave User Shield: conditions met Slave User Shield II: conditions met    Slave User Shield: ability locked: equip bonus: slave maturation adjustment (small) Slave User Shield II: ability locked: equip bonus: slave status adjustment (small) A Slave User Shield? Hm… well, I guess it only made sense. I looked at the tree, and it appeared on its own, branching out from the very first small shield. Because of that, it wasn’t very strong. But its equip bonuses seemed promising. Maturation adjustment… And hey, I’d only dumped a little ink on it, but I still ended up with two new shields. So all I needed to do was equip the shield for a while to unlock the ability, and then I’d be able to use those equip bonuses forever. It was a great system. The Legendary Shield allowed me to equip all these different shield types, learn their abilities, and then keep the abilities as I moved on through the levels. That was why us heroes could grow stronger than just normal people: our skill tree continued to grow. I think I had a pretty good handle on the skills, abilities, status boosts, and equip bonuses that the shield had accrued so far. But there were still so many things I didn’t understand, and I was beginning to feel that my mastery of the shield would decide whether or not I survived. I quietly looked over at %char1%. What is it? That reminds me, I’d let the shield absorb some of her hair. At the time I’d seen something about a raccoon shield, but this must have completed another requirement. That must be what unlocked the Slave User Shield II. At least, that was my best guess. Which would mean that… %char1%, can I use a little of your blood? What is it? I want to try something. She tilted her head and looked confused but poked the end of her finger with a penknife anyway. She dripped the blood into the ink pot,    mixed it, and poured a little onto my shield. Slave User Shield III: conditions met Slave User Shield III: ability locked: equip bonus: slave maturation adjustment (medium) Nice! I was right! Mr. %Name%? You look like you’re having a lot of fun over there. Yeah, well, I just unlocked an interesting looking shield. Excellent. I changed my shield into the Slave User Shield and decided to wait for the ability to unlock. Now then… Hm? We were finished there, so I turned to leave when I noticed a large wooden crate in the corner of the tent. It was filled with eggs. I’d never seen it before. What could it be? What is that? I asked the slave trader. Oh, that’s a product for our cover business. And what IS your cover business? We deal in monsters. His eyes shined when he answered. Monsters? You mean there are monster trainers around here? ` You are a very clever man. Have you heard of them? I don’t think I’ve ever met one, but… Mr. %Name%. %char1% raised her hand. What is it? %char2%lials are monsters raised by monster trainers. I’d never even heard of a %char2%lial. I didn’t know what she was talking about. What’s that? Those giant birds around town. The ones that pull carriages instead of horses. Oh, yeah. Okay.    I’d seen them in town. They were giant birds that were used like horses. I thought they were some kind of animal that existed in this world, but I guess they were technically monsters. There was a monster trainer in my village. He had a ranch where he raised different monsters for their meat. Really… I guess in this world, farmers and ranch herders, anyone that worked with creatures like that were considered monster trainers. Maybe they just didn’t have the idea of animal, and everything that wasn’t human was called a monster. So what are those eggs? If the monsters aren’t raised from the egg, they won’t take to human masters well. That is why we sell them as eggs. Yes sir. Okay. Would you like to see the monster cages? He’d sell anything you wanted. This slave trader was quite the capitalist. Nah, I’m good for now. But hey, what is that sign that’s leaning on the egg crate? I couldn’t read what was written on it, but there was an arrow pointing to the box, and it appeared to be scrawled with numbers. It’s a lottery! One try for 100 pieces of silver, and if you win, you get an egg! That’s one expensive ticket. At the moment, we had 508 pieces of silver, which was quite a lot of money. Well, they are very valuable monsters. I’m just asking to get an idea, but what were they called? %char2%lials? How much do you normally sell one of those for? For an adult? Typically around 200 pieces, but that can go up or down depending on the quality. Yes sir. If you charge 200 pieces for an adult, then I’m guessing a chick is cheaper? And the eggs must be even cheaper yet... Well, I suppose you have to account for the cost of raising the thing, but still. I’m wondering if it’s a good deal.    Well it’s not like that, you see. The real egg is mixed in with other eggs. Oh yeah, you did call it a lottery. So you could either hit or miss. So if you pulled a loser, you would get nothing, and if you pulled a winner, you still ended up paying more than you would have in the first place. And I’m guessing there aren’t actually any real eggs in there? How dare you? Are you accusing me of unjust business practices? My dear Hero… Am I wrong? I am very proud of my business. I might enjoy tricking a customer now and then, but I take no pleasure from misrepresenting my products. You like tricking people, but not misrepresentation? I couldn’t follow his logic. I gave up on that for the time being. And what do you get if you pull the winning egg? I’ll try to make it easy for you to understand, being a foreigner and all. Simply put: a Knight’s Dragon. Woah, a Knight’s Dragon? I wonder if that was a class of dragon that knights rode in battle? Is that a dragon that people ride like a horse? Not just that, this one can fly. They are very popular, so the game has been a hit with the nobility. A flying dragon? It was like a dream! Mr. %Name%? To buy one on the market you’d need around 20 pieces of gold. They are one of the cheaper dragons. Yes sir. What’s the probability? Just tell me the chances for the dragon egg. There are 250 eggs in the crate, and only one of them is a dragon egg. So it was a one in 250 chance. I’ve compensated for differences in weight with a magical spell. You must agree to the possibility of drawing a losing egg before purchasing a ticket. You’re quite the business man.    Yes, well. Whenever there is a winner I learn their name, and they tend to spread the word around for me. Yeah, but those chances aren’t so great… Well, there is this box over here, and if you buy ten tickets, you are guaranteed to win at least once. Yes sir. Well, I assume there are no dragon eggs in that one? Yes, that’s true, but the prize is definitely worth at least 300 pieces of silver. Hold on a second, isn’t this like some online slot machine? C’mon! These games are set up to make profits for the businesses who make them. And he almost had me for a second there… Hmm… Thinking it over, I wondered how far I could progress with only %char1% in my party? Would it be cheaper to buy another slave, or to buy a monster to travel with us? Maybe I should try out my new slave user shield. %char1% was already at a pretty high level, so the maturation adjustment probably wouldn’t benefit her all that much. But then again, I’d have to raise the monster. Traveling with %char1%, the major costs were updating her equipment. But there was a good chance that monsters could fight without having to use any equipment at all. I could use all the additional money we earned on %char1%. All right, I’ll try it once. Thank you very much! As a show of good will, I’ll excuse the cost of the slave curse ceremony. How generous of you. I like that kind of thing. Mr. %Name%?! What is it? Are you buying a monster egg? Yeah, I thought we could probably use another party member. I could get a slave, but they would end up costing more money for equipment. I figured that investing in a monster might be a good way to go. Yes, but monsters can be a real handful. I know that. But don’t you kind of want a pet? Are you sure that you aren’t trying to get a dragon egg?    Even if we got an Usapil, I’d be fine with that. I kind of liked little animals. MMORPGs often let you keep pets and use them in your party. At the very least, they could be relaxing to have around. And if I could give them orders, like a slave, then they could help out in battle. We had a little extra money, and I could tell that it was loosening my purse strings. But still, it didn’t seem like a poor investment to me. Besides, if there was a Slave Shield, there should be one for monsters too. And if we raise it up and then sell it, we won’t feel as bad as if we’d done the same thing to a slave. Oh okay, I think I understand now. Sure, we might get attached, but we needed money—there was no escaping that. I think selling off a slave is difficult because you know that they are a person. Just like %char1% had come back to me of her own free will, if the next slave did the same thing, I wasn’t sure I’d even be able to sell another slave off at all. At least a monster wouldn’t talk. So, even if we did grow attached, I think I’d still be able to turn it over for a profit. I could just pass it over, and sort of pray that it ends up with a good master. Something like that anyway. I’m sure you’d assist me in that, wouldn’t you? The depth of your consideration never fails to impress, Hero. Yes sir! He was loving this conversation. I looked over at all the eggs. He already said that there was a spell on them to make them indistinguishable, so I guess I should just choose one at random. I’ll take that one. I just followed my intuition and chose one from the right side of the line. Look at the symbol painted on the eggshell, and copy it onto the dish before you. I did as he said and painted the symbol onto the dish. When I did, the symbol glowed red, and a new icon appeared in my field of vision. It said monster training. Just like when the slave icon originally appeared, a    window also showed up detailing various rules of usage that I could set for the monster. I selected the option that it would have to obey my orders or face punishment. I decided to make the punishment more severe than what I had set for %char1%. That seemed the obvious choice—this was a monster after all. I wasn’t sure if it understood language, so I would have to make sure to put a lot of emotion into my voice when I scolded it. The thing wasn’t even hatched yet though. The slave trader wrung his hands in delight and brought over a machine that looked like some kind of incubator. I placed the egg inside. If it doesn’t hatch, I’ll be back for my money. I tip my hat to you, Hero! Determined to get his money’s worth even if he pulled a losing egg. The slave trader seemed to be in a very good mood. Was he some sort of closeted masochist? Not that I wanted to make fun of another guy, but… actually, come to think of it, I wouldn’t mind seeing those other stupid heroes in a bit of pain. Even if it’s just a verbal agreement, I really will be back. If you act like this conversation never happened, my unstable slave here might just cause a ruckus. Hey, what are you expecting me to do? I’ll be waiting for you, yes sir! He was in a VERY good mood. Just when should I expect it to hatch? I passed him 100 pieces of silver as I asked. It’s written on the incubator. Let’s see here… I saw something that looked like numbers of some kind, but I couldn’t read them. %char1%, can you read this? Let’s see, just a little bit. It looks like the numbers will be gone sometime tomorrow. That’s fast. Excellent. I was getting excited. I couldn’t wait to see what kind of monster hatched from the egg. I’m always glad when you pay me a visit. Yes sir.    I took the egg in my arms, and we turned, leaving the tent behind us.       So what was next? I was wondering that very thing when I remembered the extra medicine I had left over from the wave of destruction. I’d made a whole bunch, just to be safe, but at this point it probably made more sense to sell off what I didn’t need. Let’s stop by the apothecary and then head to the weapon shop. Mr. %Name%, take care that you don’t get too careless with your money. If you keep doing things like you just did, you’ll only make life harder on yourself. I know that Our current equipment is just fine. Why bother thinking about it until you are sure that you need it? … Well, I guess she had a point after all. But compared to the other heroes, we were using junk. I still thought that getting %char1% better equipment and then moving on to fight stronger monsters would be the best strategy… And besides, we just got new equipment a few days ago. Just imagine what the weapon shop owner would say. Yeah… She was right, the old guy had given us a lot of help. And he’d given us new equipment while including the trade-in value of our older stuff too. Whatever we got from him now probably wouldn’t be substantially better than what we already had. The weapon shop owner was the only person that had helped me out after those bastards framed me—I liked the guy. Everything we currently had equipped, %char1%’s weapons and my own armor, we’d purchased from him. So I wanted to keep patronizing him, and I wanted to pay him back for all he’d done. Fine. Let’s save up for a while. Okay!    Granted, it wasn’t a BAD idea to buy new equipment after our wallets had gained a little weight. Okay, let’s head to the apothecary. I poked my head into the shop, and when the owner saw me, he let a smile play over his face. What? What is it? This guy normally looked pretty sullen, which I assumed was some kind of business strategy on his part. So what was he looking so happy for? It set my nerves on edge. Oh not much. I’ve been waiting for you to stop by. Waiting for a chance to say thanks, you know? For what? I looked to %char1%. Neither of us knew what he was talking about. I have some family in Riyute. They say that you saved them. They asked me to help you out if I ever ran into you. Hmm… You don’t say. The wave of destruction had occurred near a town called Riyute, where I’d based my operations for a time. In the midst of all the chaos, I’d dedicated my energies to the evacuation effort, and the town ended up fairing pretty well because of that. When the wave had passed, the Riyute villagers had all lined up and said thank you to me. Apparently this guy’s relatives had been among them. So anyway, in thanks I’d like to… The owner took a book off of the bookshelf behind him. What’s that? You sold me some lower-level potions earlier, which leads me to believe that those were the only recipes you knew. This book has better recipes, for mid-level potions. I think you are probably ready to take them on. … I hesitantly opened the book on the counter. It was pretty old, and the cover was well worn. Even still, I could only discern some of the characters written there. But I couldn’t read them. Th…Thank you. I’ll do my best.    He’d gone out of his way to be nice to me, so I didn’t want to let it go without at least saying thanks. The book probably contained recipes for medicines that would sell for a good price. I’m glad to hear you say that. Ugh… I hated the pressure of having to respond to people’s kindness. I’d given up on trying to read it since I didn’t understand the language they used to write things around here. I suppose I should make a more sincere effort. The owner of the magic shop wanted you to stop by too. Magic shop? Mr. %Name%? It’s a shop that sells books to teach magical spells. Oh, I see. I’d seen the shop in town but had assumed it was a bookstore. Thinking back on it then, I remembered seeing a crystal ball in the back of the shop. Where’s the shop? Right on the main street. You can’t miss it. Yes, I remember seeing it. It was the biggest, or second biggest bookstore in town—I mean magic shop. Excellent. So what can I do for you today? I was hoping you would… He ended up buying the medicine off of me for a better price than I’d gotten yet. I bought some new materials with the money, and went looking for the magic shop. Oh! The Shield Hero! I have to thank you for saving my grandchild. Right… I didn’t actually know who she was talking about, but it must have been one of the villagers in Riyute. The old lady who ran the shop had run to politely greet me at the door. I call her an old lady, but she was a pudgy woman dressed like a witch. I heard you wanted to see me? I looked around the shop I’d previous misconstrued as a bookstore. The shelves were lined with old, dusty books, and there were a number of    crystal balls lined up behind the counter. There were some staves and wands around… pretty much what you would expect for a magic shop. Come to think of it though, I had no idea how you were supposed to learn magic. Before that, is this young lady your only traveling companion? Huh? Oh… yeah. I caught %char1%’s gaze, and we both nodded. Then wait right there for a moment, please. She went behind the counter, took a crystal ball off of the shelf and began chanting a spell over it. Yes. Now then, Shield Hero, please look deep into the ball. Um… Okay. I had no idea what to expect, but I looked deep into the ball. Something was shining, but I couldn’t really see anything in particular. Yes, yes, it seems that you, Shield Hero, are suited to learning recovery and support magic. Huh? Was she looking to see what kind of magic I was best suited to? If only she’d told me earlier, I would have had some idea of what was going on… Oh well, it wasn’t like I had any room to complain, but she could have explained herself a little better. Next I’ll take a look at the nice young lady behind you. Yes, Ma’am. %char1% stepped forward and looked deep into the crystal ball. Yes, yes, that only makes sense. The young raccoon girl seems best suited for light and shadow magic. Why do you say that it only makes sense? Is that common knowledge? Yes, the raccoon people are said to control phantoms that contain both the refractive properties of light and the indefinite properties of shadow. I was starting to understand. They were like the raccoons or tanuki of my own world. In my own Japan, people often said that tanuki were shapeshifting creatures that could take on human form. Apparently that way of thinking was something our universes had in common. Okay, so what is all this about? Yes, well, this is what I was hoping to give you.    The old lady said, and handed us three books. More books! I couldn’t read them at all, not a single word, but everyone was showering me in books that day. I’d really like to give you a crystal ball, but if I did I would put myself out of business… Why’s that? Don’t you know, Shield Hero? If you can free the magic that is sealed in a crystal ball, you’ll learn it instantly. What?! So I could learn to use magic even if I wasn’t able to read the books? Quite a while ago, the country went ahead and ordered a large number of crystal balls for the four heroes. Haven’t you heard anything about this? Not a word. Thanks to that Trash, no doubt. He must have given the crystal balls to the other heroes after I’d left. He went out of his way to intentionally exclude me from everything… Ugh… Just thinking about it made me want to murder the man. The magic books are not an easy read—that’s for sure. But if you apply yourself, you’ll eventually be able to learn a good amount of spells from those. That was probably why there was only one crystal ball, but a wide variety of magic books. Of course, they were only worth something if you were capable of reading them. I’m sorry… Oh don’t be! Just getting these books will be a huge help! %char1% smiled and answered. I nodded along. How much magic do you think we can learn from these? Well, those are all books for beginners. For anything more advanced… Think I could ask you to purchase anything additional? Oh, sure. I could probably teach you the spells myself, but the Shield Hero is very busy, is he not? I suppose you can’t just hang around the castle town? That’s true. She did have a business to run, after all. She was cutting into her own profits to give us these books, so it didn’t seem right to complain about it.    Thank you. I said it in a rather difficult way, but we received the books she offered and left the magic shop. Geez… I sighed without thinking. I had never really liked studying, so what was I supposed to do now? Anyone with half a brain knew that the best course of action would be to buckle down, learn to read, and then study the books to learn new recipes and magic. Of course that’s what they would say. I found myself wondering if there was some skill I could equip to make it easier, something like other world language translation. There might have been medicinal recipes stored in the shield somehow. If I looked for them, I might even find them. But what would end up taking more time? Learning to read or finding the shield that would give me the recipes directly? The reading might be cheaper but if you considered the time investment it wouldn’t be. And it would entail getting new materials to experiment with also. I still kept coming back to the idea of the translation skill, and every time I thought of it my desire to learn to read just shrunk even more. Let’s study up on that magic! %char1% said to me. But I don’t know how to read the writing here… I know. That’s why we should do it together. Yeah… I suppose that only makes sense. It did seem like a good idea to get some new recipes under my belt. That reminds me—how much time do we have until the next wave comes? Huh? Oh, wait a second. I referenced the icon in the corner of my field of vision. Apparently this whole system was called status magic and everyone in this world could use it. As for me, my attack rating was as low as possible, but my defense rating was through the roof.    Among the other icons there, there was another one that only the heroes could see. I focused my energies on it, and a clock appeared that indicated the amount of time remaining until the next wave was to arrive. It looked like forty-five days and fourteen hours. Looks like we have forty-five whole days! So they didn’t come every month?! Well, it’s not like we had two months or anything, but that reminds me of something: we hadn’t been summoned here until after the first wave had already come. That meant that the frequency could be different than we had previously thought. If I thought about all the time I’d spent on my own before I teamed up with %char1%, it seemed to add up. Over one month left some room for interpretation. Well, having extra time is a good thing. And if I thought about all the preparations we really should be making, it wasn’t exactly like we had time to spare. Anyway, are we done here, for now? I think so. Let’s see. We reapplied the slave curse, sold our extra medicines, and got those books from the magic shop. That should be it. I went over it all with %char1%. If we forgot something and had to come back, we’d just lose that much time. Then let’s get some breakfast and go level up. Okay. I was surprised with the meal. My sense of taste had finally returned. I’d nearly forgotten how delicious food could be. It was invigorating. Mortar Shield: conditions met Beaker Shield: conditions met Druggist’s Mortar Shield: conditions met Mortar Shield: ability locked: equip bonus: new compounding Beaker Shield: ability locked: equip bonus: liquid compounding bonus Druggist’s Mortar shield: ability locked:    equip bonus: collection skill 2 We finished our meals and decided to leave the castle town and make our way to Riyute. There should be some monsters along the way that were perfect for leveling up at our current levels. Unlike the other heroes, I didn’t already know where the best leveling up and hunting spots were. So I either needed to find them myself or ask around and see what I could get other people to tell me. I opened the map and gave it a quick look-over. There didn’t seem to be anywhere that was very convenient, but it seemed like there were a few spots that would work well enough for our purposes. Granted, it wasn’t a race—but even still, the idea of falling behind the other heroes grated on my nerves. And besides, fighting an unknown monster, and winning, would get me new skills and shields to work with. It didn’t seem like a bad idea. I’ve neglected to explain myself fully. There are a bunch of different forms my shield can take, and they all have different abilities. Unfortunately, most of them were just status and ability boosts, so they weren’t a ton of help at the moment. They were mostly defense boosts because I was working with a shield… at least that was my theory. Even still, aside from defense boosts, my agility, stamina, magic, and SP ratings, everything except for attack, were rising as well. That was how I was able to make it through the last wave unscathed. We were walking down the road. You know, I wonder if I could absorb the enemies from the wave into my shield? We’d left in a big hurry, so I hadn’t even thought to try it. But I definitely wanted to try it now, as I needed to do whatever I could to make my shield stronger. We were approaching the fields around Riyute, and there were dead enemies from the wave laying around here and there. Inter-Dimensional Locust Shield: conditions met Inter-Dimensional Lower Bee Shield: conditions met Inter-Dimensional Zombie Shield: conditions met    Inter-dimensional Locust Shield: ability locked: equip bonus: defense 6 Inter-dimensional Lower Bee Shield: ability locked: equip bonus: agility 6 Inter-Dimensional Zombie Shield: ability locked: equip bonus: inventory rot resistance (small) I butchered the enemies further to see if any of their parts would result in additional shields. But apparently there wasn’t enough of the materials remaining for most of them, and I was only able to unlock one more. Bee Needle Shield: conditions met Bee Needle Shield: ability locked: equip bonus: attack 1 Special Effect: Needle Shield (small), Bee Poison (paralysis) I figured that was pretty much what I’d expected, and we continued on to the village. On the way, we came across a group of villagers removing a chimera’s corpse. Hey. Oh! The Shield Hero. No doubt thanks to what we’d been through during the wave, the villagers greeted me warmly. Was this guy the boss from the wave? I looked at the size of the body and felt sweat drip down my forehead. I don’t know how to describe it. It was a chimera, but there was something about it that made it look different than the other monsters I’d encountered in this world. I don’t know if it was the coloring, or some other more biological characteristic. It was hard to describe in concrete terms. It’s a terrible thing. It sure is.    I agreed with what they were saying. It looked like the other heroes and knights had torn the thing apart for materials. The basic shape was still intact, but the skin and flesh were torn to shreds in places. Can I have a little of it? Of course. We were just wondering what we should do with it. We were going to bring it back to the village and process it into equipment. Sound good? Not a bad idea, but it doesn’t look like there is anything of use left. The skin was all ripped up, so they couldn’t make any good armor from it. Still, they might be able to find a use for the flesh and bones, and maybe the snake tail. The head hadn’t been cut off. It looked like there were three heads, and yet… %char1% and I set to work butchering the remains and letting the shield absorb whatever it could. Chimera Meat Shield: conditions met Chimera Bone Shield: conditions met Chimera Leather Shield: conditions met Chimera Viper Shield: conditions met Chimera Meat Shield: ability locked: equip bonus: cooking quality improvement Chimera Bone Shield: ability locked: equip bonus: shadow resistance (medium) Chimera Leather Shield: ability locked: equip bonus: defense 10 Chimera Viper Shield: ability locked: equip bonus: skill: Change Shield, Antidote Compounding up, Poison Resistance (medium) Special Effect: Snake Venom Fang (medium), Hook    The last one seemed to have a lot of good bonuses, and the defense rating was pretty high. But to equip it, it looked like you needed to be at a pretty high level, and on top of that you needed to have a lot of other chimera shields unlocked. I wouldn’t be able to use it for a little while, but I got the feeling that it would be my main shield by the time the next wave arrived. What are you doing with the rest? We were just going to bury it, so take whatever you like. Hm… It felt like it was going to waste somehow, but still… it looked like there was only flesh and bones left. The bones should keep just fine, but the meat? I couldn’t think of anything to do with it but dry it out and make jerky. Not that it looked like it would taste good. But hey, I bet they could be materials for some kind of magical potion, but even if they could be, who would buy them from me? I had no idea. They’d give me trouble if they started rotting, and what if I stored them improperly and it came back to life or something? Sure, the same could be said about the bones, but I still felt better about them than I did about the meat. At the same time, what was I so worried about? All right, we’ll take what we can carry. There’s quite a lot though, Hero. You’ll let me store it in the village, won’t you? Well, if that is your request, Hero… You can hang up the meat to dry. If someone who wants it stops by, go ahead and sell it. But set aside a little for me. It might make you enough money to rebuild. If the meat and bones came from the wave of destruction, there must be some people who will want to study it. You could make some money that way. I suppose you are right, Hero. The villagers wanted money to rebuild, so they followed my instructions. I let the shield absorb the guts and anything that looked like it would rot quickly, then we set off for the village. When we arrived, dusk was already on us.    The village was half-destroyed, and the remaining villagers were all living in the relatively unaffected buildings. The village chief prepared a room for us in the inn, which seemed to be in relatively good shape, and so we were able to get a good rest that night. I’d like to stick around and help them rebuild, but I don’t think we have the time to spend worrying about all this. The villagers were doing all they could to take care of us. I could understand being grateful for my help in disposing of the chimera corpse, but I didn’t know how to feel about the free room and board. I know how you feel. I sure wish we could do something to help them all. Some of the literate villagers drafted me a table of characters so that I might learn how to read their language. It was something like the A I U E O tables in Japanese, or the alphabet in English. Later that night, I got %char1%’s help, as she could read a little. I had her pronounce each character so that I could compare it to my own language. Then I drafted the answers, in my own language, onto the chart. I imagined that they combined characters to make words, so any translation work would be hard-going. Even though, it wouldn’t be impossible. I sat down to work on some medicines, and while I was working, I struggled to memorize all their strange symbols.       We slept in the next day since %char1% had stayed up pretty late the night before. She’d held the magic book in one hand and muttered to herself until the wee hours of the night. Me? I spent the night roasting herbs to make medicines. I wanted to make up for lost time, so I was hurrying through my morning preparations. I wanted to get out on the road. Oh! It looks like it’s going to hatch! I’d set the egg we’d bought by the window for the night, and %char1% had noticed a fine crack down the side. You could just see something through the crack, something soft, like feathers or fur. Is it…? I was interested to see what hatched so I went over to have a look. The cracks spread and opened with an audible crackle, and a baby monster’s face popped through the hole. Cheep! It was like a small pink chick. It was covered in soft feathers, and there was a piece of eggshell still sitting on its head, like a hat. It looked at me. Cheep!     It chirped and suddenly flew up at me, bouncing into my face. It didn’t hurt at all, but I was surprised the thing was so energetic, having just been born and all. What is this monster called? It looks like a bird, is it a PikyuPikyu? PikyuPikyu were liked deformed little condors that couldn’t fly very well. The monster looked like it could have been a baby PikyuPikyu. It did have a sharp beak though, so I could expect better attacks from it than I could have from a balloon or something. Oh… you know I don’t really know all that much about monsters… %char1% looked just as confused as I did. Fine then, let’s go ask the villagers if they know what it is. If it was a monster that was approved for sale at a shop, it couldn’t have been very dangerous. If I asked, I could probably get an answer out of someone. I reached out my hand for the little bird, and it hopped onto my palm, then flew to my shoulder, and finally jumped up on my head. Cheeeeeeep! It kept cheeping and rubbing its face against mine. It was kind of cute. Oh look! It thinks you are its parent, Mr. %Name%. Must be some kind of imprinting. I’d already registered it on my status screen, and I was the first thing it saw after it was born. I suppose it was only natural that it thought I was its father. I decided to clean up the shards of eggshell, and when I did my shield began to react to them. Come to think of it, if I let the shield absorb them, it might tell me what kind of monster I was dealing with. So I held up a piece of eggshell and let the shield absorb it. Monster User Shield: conditions met Monster Egg Shield: conditions met Monster User Shield: ability locked: equip bonus: monster maturation adjustment (small) Monster Egg Shield: ability locked: equip bonus: cooking skill 2    It wasn’t exactly what I had been expecting. But it still looked like it would be useful, so I switched my shield from Slave User Shield II (which I’d been using to unlock its ability) to the Monster User Shield. Did you figure it out? No, it unlocked something else. I still didn’t know what kind of monster this chick was. I sure hoped the villagers could tell me something about it. We set out walking around the half-ruined village, and I started thinking about where a good place to level up might be. The most efficient place, considering our levels, was probably the swamp area to the west of the village. The last time we had been in the area we went to the mountains in the north, so I was hoping to find another place to go. I spotted some passing villagers, and they called out to me. Hello there, Shield Hero. Morning. Good morning! All in all, I’d spent about a week there, and after I protected them all during the wave, I guess most of them had come to recognize me. One of them bowed very deeply to me, which I found awkward. Cheep! The little chick on my head chirped out a greeting of its own. What’s that? The villagers all looked at the bird on my head. What happened? They pointed their fingers at the bird and asked in unison. I bought an egg from a monster trainer. Ah, gotcha. Do you know what kind of monster this is? They leaned in to get a better look. Hmm… Yes… I think it looks like a %char2%lial. Don’t you think so? The big birds that pull the carriages? If they were right, that meant that I had still made a little return on my investment—considering how much it would cost to buy a %char2%lial. If they were right…    Well I’m not completely sure, but there is a small ranch at the edge of town. You might want to stop by and ask over there. Good idea. Let’s go. %char1% and I found out where the manger of the ranch lived, and decided to stop by his house. Apparently the ranch had been hit pretty hard during the wave, and he had lost more than half of the monsters he had been raising. Okay, but is this little thing actually a %char2%lial? I asked the man there, and he nodded. Yes, it certainly does look like a baby %char2%lial. He held the chick in his hand, and only answered after he carefully looked it over. Yes, it is a very common variety of %char2%lial, but they have trouble staying calm without a cart to pull. What kind of a way to raise a monster is that? Why, does it sound strange? Hmmm… I guess if you had been born and raised here, you wouldn’t find things like this mysterious. Come to think of it, it might have been that the monster had a natural desire to protect its nest or its eggs, and that the monster trainers had just taught the monsters to fix their protective desire on carts instead. Well I guess it’s not a loss then. Kind of a win, really. If adults sold for 200 pieces of silver, and I was able to buy a baby for 100 pieces of silver, then it wasn’t really a bad deal at all. Cheep! The baby %char2%lial was chirping from its perch on my head. What does this thing eat? You should start her on cooked beans, mushed into a puree. Something soft. Once she grows up they aren’t picky. They’ll pretty much eat anything once they are adults. Gotcha. Thanks. I even surprised myself at how quick and sincere my thanks were because, honestly, up until now I’d sort of considered everyone in this world to be my enemy. I was feeling better these days though. I wonder if it was because of what %char1% did for me back at the castle.    Anyway, they were selling boiled beans back at the village, so I might as well pick some up. What should we name it? %char1% was petting the little chick when she asked. Why do we have to give it a name? We might end up selling it, you know? If we went around naming things, we might get attached. That would only make it harder to sell the thing if that was what we decided to do in the future. Are you just going to call it ‘chick’ and ‘%char2%lial?’ Hm… She was right, that would make things harder than they needed to be. You’re right. Why don’t we call it %char2%? Very creative. Oh give me a break. Cheep! The little bird let out a loud and satisfied chirp, as if it understood that we had given it a name. We thanked the rancher and left. Then we bought some boiled beans, had lunch for ourselves, and set out on the road. Where are we off to today? Cheep? Right, well, I don’t really know anywhere around here that is good for leveling up, so I guess we will just have to search for ourselves. Let’s just do what we’ve done the whole time. Okay. Now that I knew I could depend on %char1%, I felt like the battles would be easier than they had been. %char2% was chirping from where it sat on my head. It was loud, but I kind of liked it. It’s huge! That frog is huge! We’d gone to the swamplands to the west of Riyute to hunt monsters, but I wasn’t able to hide my surprise at the first one I saw. But let’s be fair here. You might run into giant toads or something when you play an RPG, but if you saw one in real life, you’d be pretty    surprised too. So when this giant frog, Big Frog they’re called, hopped over to me, and I saw that it was as tall as my waist, I screamed. I’m going! Wait! %char1%! Before I could restrain the Big Frog, %char1% jumped ahead of me. When it came time to battle, we had agreed that I was to take the lead. If this was an MMORPG, it only made sense to do so because it was dangerous to approach a new monster when you didn’t know its stats. What if the thing was stronger than we were? If it was, we might not get out with just scrapes and bruises. It might be a mistake we’d have to pay for with our lives. Hiya! %char1% ignored my cry and dashed at the Big Frog with her sword. The Big Frog let out a deafening screech, as if her attack had surprised it. Dammit! What was she thinking? What happened to our plan? I was supposed to go in first and hold the monster down for her! The Big Frog puffed up its cheeks, and then sent its razor sharp tongue flying at %char1%. Watch out! I ran forward and caught the brunt of the attack with my shield. I couldn’t allow %char1% to be injured. Cheep! %char2% was excited on my head. It felt like the thing was running in circles, shadow boxing. I’ll hold it down, so you just calm down! But I… Quiet! What was going on? It was like %char1% and I were not on the same page. I’d never felt that way prior to the wave. What could it mean? If %char1% were to end up hurt, I’d feel terrible. I’d feel like we weren’t honoring the memory of her parents. I’d made up my mind to protect her, to serve as her new father. The Big Frog turned to me and sent its razor-sharp tongue flying in my direction.    Yes! I reached out and grabbed the tongue from the air. It made a sound like metal clanging against my first. Go! Okay! %char1% lunged at the frog with her sword drawn, her eyes flashing, like she’d just been waiting for my signal. The Big Frog fell quickly and easily, and we both received experience points. Nice. It was worth more than the porcupines had been. Huff. %char1% was looking me over, and she seemed disappointed. Her tenacity was starting to get the better of her, and I’d have to say something about it. If she didn’t learn to hold herself back a little, then we might both end up dead. %char1%, let’s be a little more cautious… okay? But we don’t have much time until the next wave comes. Shouldn’t we defeat as many enemies as we can? Shouldn’t we level up as much as we possibly can? We have a month and a half. That’s plenty of time. Let’s take it slow. You don’t want to overdo it and end up bedridden, do you? You’re right. But I… I want to be stronger! At least she agreed with me… Wait, did she? I didn’t know where all the good monsters were, like the other heroes did. So we didn’t have any other options for efficient leveling up. Gugeeeeeeh! What the? I turned at the sudden sound and saw something twice the size of the Big Frog. It was a purple Big Frog, and there was a Gray Salamander with it—and they were running straight for us. Pii! %char2% was running circles around my head, apparently ready for a fight. It wasn’t going to be much good in a fight yet, and it would be dangerous to hang out on my head, so I stuffed the little thing into my armor. Pii! I’m going! No! Let me go first!    What if you get hurt, Mr. %Name%?! Didn’t you buy me so that I could fight for you?! If the thing is strong enough to hurt me, just think about what it could do to you. I didn’t buy you to get you hurt! It might have been different back then… but now you need to take care of yourself! Mr. %Name%… I turned my gaze to the monsters, the Amethyst Big Frog and the Gray Salamander, raised my shield, and rushed them. Unfortunately my attack rating wasn’t high enough to do any damage. They spit a viscous, poisonous-looking liquid at me, and I blocked it with my shield. Go! Okay! She ran at them and quickly cut them with her sword. They fell easily. I wonder if her new weapon was that strong? The armor was better than I had been expecting. I had to hand it to the old guy at the weapon shop. I butchered the monsters and let the shield absorb the parts. The frog meat looked gross, and was probably poisonous. I decided not to bother trying to sell it. Pii! %char2% crawled out from my armor, walked over to the defeated monsters, and struck a defiant pose over their bodies, as if it had just killed them itself. I wanted to ask what the thing was doing, but it was kind of cute, so I just let it go. We walked around the area for a while longer, defeating monsters all the time. We were leveling up relatively efficiently. By the time evening fell, I could tell that I had grown, and %char2% had too. The results were: %Name%: LV 23 %char1%: LV 27 %char2%: LV 12 %char2% hadn’t contributed to the battles at all, but had still received enough experience points to level up quickly. It looked like it had grown too.    That was good. I’d heard that young demi-humans matured along with their rising levels, so I guess it was only natural to expect monsters to level up in a similar way. That must have been it… The little chick was not so large and heavy that it was hard to hold in both hands. It was also, how to put it, rounder? It was like a giant steamed bun. Its feathers were larger, and covered its body now, and the whole guy had changed from a light pink to a darker pink. Monster User Shield II: conditions met Monster User Shield II: ability locked: equip bonus: monster status adjustment (small) I hadn’t noticed when %char1% grew before my eyes, but even I couldn’t help but notice the dramatic transformation the little bird had undergone. Piyo. It even chirped differently. It was heavy, so I put it down, and it walked around authoritatively. Grumble… I’d heard its stomach grumbling for a little while. Then it was louder than both myself and %char1%. I’d made sure to buy a lot of food for it, but apparently the bird had already run out. The rancher said that they could eat anything, so I kept feeding it anything that looked like food, like piles of hay we’d found on the road. It ate all of it, and still seemed hungry. That must have been proof of how quickly it was growing. Um… Mr. %Name%? I know… Monsters sure are amazing. To think that it had grown this much in the course of a single day… It wouldn’t be long before it could carry us! It was great, and something to look forward to. If it grew to be really big but was still as immature as a baby, then it could spell trouble down the line. I went to the status screen and set its settings to strict. We went back to the inn, and I asked the innkeeper where we could keep %char2%. He led us to the horse stables, which were lined with hay for %char2%    to make itself a bed. Huh? Why are the Chimera bones and meat in here?? The meat hadn’t started to rot at all, so it must have been good for keeping. Or maybe it didn’t rot because the monster was from another dimension. We decided to hang it up here and wait for it to soften a bit. That should make further processing easier. Huh… But they weren’t going to use it for food… And they wanted to process it. Then we will smoke it or make jerky. Once it’s done we can look for buyers. There have already been some people who stopped buy and asked for some. Sounds good to me. The Chimera had been very large, so they needed to use a lot of space to store the remains. It was probably the size of two full-grown cows. It probably wasn’t going to make for very good food, but it seemed like there was too much there to dedicate to researchers only. Piyo. Grumble… Was it already hungry again? I’d bought new food on our way back to the village, and had already fed it. But I guess it had already gone through our stores. Geez, where was it fitting all that food? Pikee, Pikee, Pikee… Was that its bones creaking? Was it already growing? I can’t believe how much this grew over the day. You might be in over your head, eh? The innkeeper looked concerned. It’s only at level 12. Huh? Level 12? The innkeeper shot a surprised glance at %char2%. To grow this much in only a few days after its birth! Well, I’d swear it was at level 20! You’re very impressive, Hero. Yeah, well… I was using maturation adjustment, so its quick maturation was probably due to that. Every time I checked its status, the numbers were different. So I guess it really was growing very quickly.    Piyo! %char2% was chirping happily. It would grow up quickly. I rubbed the bird’s head until I was sure it was sleeping. Once it was snoring, %char1% and I went back to our room. Then I went back to studying the writing system of this world. There was so much to do. I was getting tired.       The next morning I woke up and tip-toed out of the room so that I wouldn’t wake %char1%, who had been up all night studying, on my way to go see %char2%. Gah! A loud, wild voice greeted me when I entered the stables. Then I saw %char2%. It had grown since the previous night. Where it had just been a round thing before, now its legs and neck had grown out. It stood there, looking something like an ostrich. It was changing so quickly! And it was growing so differently from any of the birds I knew anything about. It was now so tall that it stood up level with my chest. Still—it wasn’t big enough to ride yet. Grumble… So it was already hungry again? Good thing I’d stopped off to buy some food. If it was growing this much in a day, I don’t know… Something about it was almost scary. Look at you! And you just hatched yesterday! Gah! I found myself smiling just looking at the thing. It wasn’t like I just discovered some deep-rooted love of animals or anything like that. I was just thrilled at the possibilities. I started thinking over all the things it could do for me once it was big enough. If it could pull a cart, I’d love to have it do so. Its feathers had grown again, and changed colors. Now they were a mix of white and very light pink. In an effort to clean up a bit, I let the shield absorb some of the feathers. Monster User Shield III: conditions met Monster User Shield III: ability locked: equip bonus: maturation adjustment (medium)    Man, just imagine what I could have gotten if I’d given the shield some of its blood. I should give %char1% another haircut and try absorbing more of her hair. %char2% had only just been born, but here it was running around and happy. Gah! It wasn’t a dog, but I picked up a twig and threw it as far as I could for %char2% to fetch. We played that way for a while. %char2% was so fast that sometimes it caught the twig before it had a chance to fall. Then it brought the twig back. It was pretty talented. Anyway, I played with %char2% until %char1% woke up. It was kind of refreshing, this whole pet thing. Thinking back on it, people back in my world kept dogs and cats. They were pretty cute. A long time ago, at my school, there was a wild cat. It was really nervous around people, and everyone said that it wouldn’t approach you if you didn’t have food. But it approached me. In elementary school we had a class in which we took care of animals, and everyone else complained about the chickens because they pecked. But they never pecked me. So I guess you could say that I sort of liked animals. Or at the very least, I didn’t hate them. Mmm… There you are, Mr. %Name%. And look at that smile! I don’t think I’ve ever seen you so happy. %char1% had woken up and come to find me. She entered the stables looking grumpy. She had a twisted, tired smile on her face. What is it? Oh, it’s nothing. Gah! %char2% was lightly tapping at %char1% with its beak. Sigh… I guess there’s no getting around it… %char1% smiled, and reached out her hands to lightly pet %char2%’s cheeks. Gah…    %char2% looked really happy and squinted its eyes as it saddled up next to %char1% and rubbed against her. I wonder where we should go today? Good question. You’d probably like to try and save on food costs for %char2%, so how about we head out to the plains to the south of here? Hmm… That’s a good idea. There were tons of different grasses growing in that area, and plenty of them could be used for medicine. %char1% was right… it would be a good place. Our immediate goal was to get the best equipment that we could, and we’d need money for that. Right on. Okay, let’s get going. Gah! Okay! So we went out to the fields and fought monsters until we leveled up. %Name%: LV 25 %char1%: LV 28 %char2%: LV 15 As for the grasses, I spent most of my energy on looking for things that %char2% could eat, so we didn’t end up actually collecting very much for medicine. I did go ahead and let the shield absorb all the things we found, but I didn’t get much out of it except for a couple of small status bonuses. And I still hadn’t found a shield that would teach me intermediate compounding recipes. That evening, %char2% grew into what appeared to be a full-grown %char2%lial. Sure is growing up quick! Normally it would take them three months or more to reach this size… The innkeeper and the rancher were both surprised. They couldn’t believe how fast %char2% was growing. It must have been because of the maturation adjustment, both small and medium, that I was using. If only I thought to absorb the ink way back when I bought %char1%… Ahaha…    I wondered if %char1% wished that she, too, could grow that quickly. Creaaakkkkk. I could hear the creaking and cracking of bones again. %char2% must be growing. Gah! %char2% was standing right in front of me, and looked to be large enough to ride. You want to carry me around? Gah! %char2% called out and dipped its head for me to climb onto its back, as though that were the most obvious answer. Thank you. I didn’t have reigns, or a saddle, but I wondered if it would be okay. The thing was practically asking me to climb on, so I did. The shield would help me survive any falls—my defense rating was through the roof. As for comfort… Well, the feathers helped with that. If I could find my balance, it wouldn’t be bad at all. I’d never ridden a horse, but I’d ridden a dog once. When I was a kid, some other kid in the neighborhood had a dog, and they let me ride it once. The owners said that they had never been able to ride it, but it wasn’t any problem for me. The dog carried me around just fine. Gah! %char2% quickly stood up. Argh! I was so high off the ground, and from my vantage everything looked… different. So this is what the world would look like from %char2%’s back. Gaaaaah! I thought that %char2% was just calling out in happiness, but then it suddenly took off running! Um… Hey! M…Mr. %Name%! Dash! Dash! We were running! It was so fast! I’d see something, and then it would be behind us just as quickly. I heard %char1% calling for us, but she was already far in the distance.    Dash! Dash! %char2% circled the village once before returning to the stables. Then it sat down and let me off. Are you all right?! %char1% looked worried as she ran over to me. Yeah, I’m fine. %char2% is so fast! %char2% didn’t look tired in the least and soon turned to preening its feathers. %char2% ran much quicker than I had been expecting. This might have been my best purchase yet. All right, that seems like enough for today. Let’s head back to our room. Something had a grip on my armor’s collar. I turned to see %char2% there, looking back at me. What is it? Gaaah! It almost looked like it was crying. It kept balking at me. Huh? I gave up and turned to leave again, but once again it pulled at my collar. What is it? Gaah! %char2%’s feet were digging into the ground, like it was determined to make a stand. What, you want to play more? %char1% asked, and %char2% shook its head. Could it understand what we were staying? Are you lonely? It nodded. Gaah! It opened its wings and cried out. But there’s nothing we can… I certainly didn’t want to sleep in the stables, and I don’t think the innkeeper would be happy if we brought a huge monster into the room. Let’s stay with it until it falls asleep! Oh… Um… Okay.    The thing was so big, but it had only hatched two days ago. Maybe it was still a baby, and just wasn’t ready to be left on its own in the stables overnight. %char1% and I decided to do our nightly study session in the stables. %char2% sat in its nest and quietly watched us study. Piki… Geez… Am I ever going to be able to read this stuff? If we can’t find a shield to do it, then this is our only option. Besides, if you are always depending on that Legendary Shield, well… it’s probably not best for you. %char1%… You sure don’t hold anything back these days. That’s right. So let’s get back to studying so that we can learn magic! What was so wrong with wanting things to be easier than they were? I hoped that all this work would actually amount to something. We kept on studying in the stables until we heard %char2%’s steady snores. Then we went back to the room, and I tried my hand at compounding some new herbs. I still couldn’t read the recipes, so I was really just guessing.       The next day %char1% woke up with me, and we both went to the stables. Gahh! When %char2% caught sight of us it called out happily and ran over to greet us. Are you already all grown up now? %char2% looked to have grown another head overnight. Already it looked to be the size of the full-grown %char2%lials I’d seen walking around town back at the castle. It was now white, with only very small tints of pink in places. It was pretty. Are you hungry? Gah? %char2% turned its head to the side and looked confused. Good, so it was out of its growth spurt. Piki… There was that strange sound again. It was growing so fast that its body couldn’t keep up. We ate breakfast and then sat down to discuss our plans for the day. The villagers all seemed very busy. They were bustling about making repairs. Gahh…. There was a cart being pushed down the road, filled with materials for repairs. %char2% looked at, almost longingly… You want to pull that thing? Bet he does. What is it, Hero? %char1% and I were talking and pointing at the cart when a villager stopped by and asked. My %char2%lial was staring at that cart, so I was wondering if he wanted to pull it or something. Yes, %char2%lials are quite instinctual that way.    The villager nodded in agreement and looked over at %char2%. Everyone is so busy with the repairs, but we still need all the help we can get. Hero, if we promised to give you a cart, do you think you could help out? Mmm… It wasn’t a bad idea. And since I finally had a useful monster, it only made sense to put it to work. If it all went well, we could free up our own travel time to do other things. What do you need from us? They are cutting trees for lumber in a nearby forest. Do you think you could help carry the wood back to the village? The forest… Come to think of it, I hadn’t visited that forest yet. It might take us a little time, is that all right? Sure. We were talking it over when I saw someone I recognized from outside of the village. They were in a group, and were running over to us on a carriage pulled by a Knight Dragon. The leader was in chainmail, with a blinding silver breastplate. He carried a conspicuous spear. That’s right. It was %char6% and the Bitch. They climbed down from the carriage. Hey! All you villagers, let’s all gather around, shall we?! The busy villagers all set their work aside and started walking over to the intruders. Then the Bitch unrolled a large sheet of parchment and started haranguing everyone. Citizens! In recognition for his glorious victories in the last wave of destruction, the King of these lands has granted this man, %char6% Kitamura, governorship over these territories. What? Governorship? To %char6%? %char6%, as if he could hear my thoughts, suddenly shouted. Which means that I, The Spear Hero, am now in control here. I’ve been asked to oversee the reconstruction efforts! I expect your cooperation from here on out! Make sure that you have secured proper funding for your projects before you purchase materials! What?!    The majority of the villagers looked skeptical of their new leader. That was only natural. During the wave, when the village was under attack, what had the Spear Hero done for them? Nothing! And yet here he was, supposed to be their new leader? Of course they wouldn’t accept this new appointment so easily. Besides, being given governorship for fighting a battle? Why was the Crown so close to %char6%? You must be mistaken. You see, I am the governor here. A man in the crowd raised his hand and addressed %char6%. That, too, seemed natural. Why would anyone just roll over and accept a random new appointment? Granted, it was an official order, so I guess there wasn’t much they could do by way of rebellion, but still—people were going to be aggravated. What are you implying? Are you going to disobey an order from your king? I’m not saying that, only that it seems odd that… Silence! The Bitch sure seemed to think she ran the show. I really wanted to walk over and give her a hard smack across the face. But wait… Did that mean that this village belonged to %char6% now? Dammit! That would mean that I had to move on… again. The innkeeper had been letting us stay for free, so I was hoping to stay based in Riyute for as long as I could. Ha! What’s this? Why are you here, %Name%? He saw me in the crowd and called out to me. I’ve based my activities here. Huh? You mean you’re still working in a spot like this? Oh man, that’s the Shield for you… always way behind. You must understand that this village belongs to %char6% now, and he will not tolerate criminals on his lands. Get on your way. I really wanted to shut her up. So I guess this means that the Bitch was really the one in control. But what did she want? I could only imagine… First order of business: there will now be a toll levied on those entering and exiting the village. If we don’t, we will never be able to raise    appropriate restoration funds. The fee due upon entrance will be 50 pieces of silver, and the fee upon exit will be 50 pieces of silver. That makes for a total of one gold piece. But that’s... With taxes like that we’ll never be able to survive! Oh, it’s not that much money. %char6% clearly had a warped sense of what money was worth to these people. A piece of gold was… worth a lot of money. For these people to live in relative comfort, they only needed 20 pieces of bronze a day. If you stayed in the inn, a piece of silver would get you a room and a good meal. Their new taxes were worth 100 days of life. Who could afford to eat with a tax like that? What is the problem? Does anyone take issue with our edict? Of course they do. The Bitch glared at me when I spoke up. You’ve just been appointed governor, and then you show up and levy a huge tax on your first visit? Think about it… You know… he’s kind of right, %char3%. Think we could drop it to a level that the villagers can afford? %char6% asked %char3%. When he did, she turned to me with demonic fury in her eyes. Just as quickly, it vanished, and she was batting her eyelashes at %char6%. If we do not learn perseverance along with our pain, the village will never recover from this calamity. The previous governor may consider himself relieved by the authority of the Crown. How dare you! The governor shouted in anger. The rest of the villagers were shouting also. Hey! That’s not fair! What are you planning on doing for us?! Now, now… Do you know what it means to revolt against the Crown? Perhaps we will have to teach you. Bitch raised her hand, and knights came sauntering into the village, mounted on their dragons. Were they planning on starting a fight? Violent fools! %char6% was looking at them impatiently, like he didn’t like that he was being forced to stoop to this level. But he was the real criminal here. Hey! Now if you don’t…    Then %char3% was suddenly surrounded by a group of men in black, like a group of ninjas. Hey… Ms. %char3%, yes? Surely you have been informed of our arrival. We have brought a message for you. What is it? One of the ninjas stepped forward and handed her a rolled sheet of parchment. What, were they assassins or something? I guess things like that existed in this world too. The Bitch stood there looking pissed off as she read from the parchment. Then all the color drained from her face. What was it? What did it say? Who the hell are you? We are employed by a certain someone. We have reason to believe you know of whom we speak. But I… Answer them. This is no time to be feigning ignorance! I was about to yell at her when… It’s a battle! The Bitch exclaimed authoritatively. What? What was she even talking about? What battle? With who? %char6% also seemed to have no idea what was going on. You must race our dragons to determine the governorship of these lands. What the hell? I didn’t know what was written on that parchment, but it couldn’t have been something that stupid. If you don’t, we won’t relinquish control! After %char3% shouted, the ninjas all began whispering amongst themselves. It sounded like they were talking about what to do once the new governor was appointed. Very well then, we will use the fastest monster in this village. No.    %char3% was pointing in my direction. I was gripping %char2%’s reigns in my hand, and her finger moved to point at %char2%. The Shield Hero will race for you. But… What sense did it make to appoint me? I wasn’t even from the village? The governor looked over at me and smiled. Shield Hero, won’t you please come to our aid? From what I saw yesterday, your %char2%lial is very quick on its feet. No way! Why should I be involved in all this? If you win, we can promise you just compensation. And if I lose? Nothing will happen to you… Besides, your %char2%lial looks like she wants to race, doesn’t she? %char2% was staring at the dragons and snapping her eyes from one to the next in quick succession. I had to tug on the reigns. In a sudden fury, she seemed like she might dash off to attack %char6% and his cohorts at any moment. Considering the long-held enmity between dragons and %char2%lials, it seems only natural that the bird is ready to race them. It should be a good match. What a pain in the ass… though I suppose I didn’t stand to lose anything if we failed. What do you think, Mr. %Name%? Hm… Well I certainly didn’t want to hang out in %char6%’s territory, and I felt like it would be a shame to leave the village so soon after I’d gotten on good terms with the inhabitants. And I’d started to get a handle on the surrounding areas too. I would have to win if I wanted to stay. Fine then, let’s do this. I slowly climbed up on to %char2%’s back and situated myself. Then I turned to %char6%. Ahhahaha! Look at the guy on his plump chick! Bwahaha! His cohorts were holding their stomachs and laughing forcefully. I had no idea what they thought was so funny, but I couldn’t stand being laughed at. I felt blood rising hot up my neck.    What the hell, %char6%? Ha! I mean, I thought it was funny that you were walking around with that thing. And now! Now you say you’re going to race on it! Ahahaha! What the hell was so funny? Was I riding it wrong? What did they think I was doing with a %char2%lial anyway, if not to ride it? Ha! You look like a fool! First of all, dragons are way cooler than birds. Second of all, look at that thing! It’s got pink all mixed up in its white feathers—obviously you bought yourself a cheap bird! I don’t know what color you think it should be… I still didn’t get what was so funny about it. I was trying to figure it out when %char6% walked over to %char2%, pointing and laughing the whole time. Gahhh! %char2% reared back and kicked him hard in the crotch. I saw it. I saw his laughing face suddenly contort into an expression of confused pain. His whole body spun in drunken spirals, and he reeled back from the force of the kick. Ugh…! Man… I’d never been so happy in my whole life. I hadn’t even seen it coming. Happiness visits when you least expect it. Kyaaaaah! Oh, Mr. %char6%! Ahaha… that kick must have crushed his balls. It felt so good. That one kick was worth all the money I’d spent on %char2% so far. That’s my monster. It was getting revenge for me. %char2%, you’ll eat good tonight—I’ll see to that. Gaah! Coward! How dare you attack Mt. %char6%! The race hasn’t started yet, and besides, if you walk up to a monster and laugh at them, what do you expect? Ugh… you bastard. %char6% tottered to his feet. His hands cradled his crotch. The sweat oozing down his face made his pain evident. I ran my hand over %char2%’s head. So, are we going to start this race? Of course!    We couldn’t be sure he wouldn’t try something sneaky, but all we could do is stay on our toes and get it over with. The Bitch untied a dragon from the cart it had been hitched to, and %char6% climbed up onto its back. The race will consist of three laps around the village! The villagers ran off to draw lines in the dirt, demarcating the course. Good luck Mr. %Name%. And %char2%? You take care of him, okay? Sure. Gah! I’ll win, I swear it! The governor stood before the two of us and raised his hands into the air. When they fell, the race would be on. Ready…. Go! His hands fell quickly, and we were off! Our starting dash put us pretty much head to head. %char2% was running at a good, relaxed pace, its cadence at a steady and pleasant rhythm. Hm? If we were comparing our speed to %char6%’s, it seemed like %char2% was faster. This should be an easy win. We had enough of a lead that I ventured a backward glance. What’s wrong with you! Run faster! %char6% was desperately shouting orders at his dragon. The dragon, not wanting to lose to %char2%, put in more effort and started running harder. Even still, it couldn’t keep up. %char2%’s specs must have been higher. It was like a motorcycle versus a motorized bicycle. Naturally, %char2% was the motorcycle in this case whereas %char6% was stuck with a motorized bicycle. That’s how much faster we were. Gaaah! %char2% shouted in joy, as if to show off how confident we were with our lead. It was like being on a motorcycle. We cut through the wind, and the village flew by, just strips of color in my periphery. We finished the first lap, and we must have been five body-lengths or more in the lead. Damn!    The Bitch was cursing us in frustration. Ahaha. It was all so easy—and it felt so good. The villagers were gathering around the course to watch us when it happened. I am the source of all power, hear my words and understand them well. I command a hole to appear before me. Earth Hole! I was watching to make sure that the castle knights didn’t step into the course, when a hole opened up right in front of me. Coward! The knights turned their faces away, apparently unaware of what they were being accused of. %char2%’s foot clipped the side of the hole, and we went down. Gah?! There’s my chance! What’s your chance?! Jerk! %char6% was unperturbed by my protests, and he spurred his dragon on. But… I am the source of all power, hear my words and understand them well. I demand his speed be increased. Fast Speed! So someone was casting support magic on %char6%. And whoever had done it had also caused %char2% to trip on their hidden magic hole! What was wrong with the people in this country?! %char2%, we can’t lose to people like this. Let’s go! Gaaaaaah! %char2% climbed to her feet, and she chirped, as if to say that now she was serious. She took off running, faster now even than she had been before. Before long, we were running alongside %char6% again. What?! Like we’d lose, and let him cheat his way to victory! %char2% was running like she knew how I felt. Even though %char6% had been sped up, we still were able to make up the space between us by the time the second lap was over.    We were in sight of the villagers again, and I angrily thrust my finger at %char6%, taking care that they could all see my signal. The villagers were pressing in to see what had changed. I am the source of all power, hear my words and understand them. Slow his speed! Fast Speed Down! Gah? %char2% suddenly slowed down. What the hell are you doing?! The gathered knights all turned away, as if they had no idea what I was talking about. %char6% caught up with us and then passed us. Certainly he had to know that people were going to notice. How cowardly can a guy get?! Dammit… If this kept up, we would lose. I couldn’t stand to think of it. There must have been something we could do! Gaaah! %char2% must have been angry too. She cawed to make her dissatisfaction evident before dramatically opening her wings and leaning forward. Hey now! She was running even faster, but it was harder to control her in the turns. When we went around a corner, she had to take the outside line. But I still knew something about racing from games. In bike racing games, you could lean into the corners to make the bike turn quicker. I thought I should give it a try! We came up on a corner, and I shifted my weight to help het her around it, I leaned towards the direction of the curve. It must have looked like I was hanging off of %char2%’s stomach. But it worked. %char2% was able to turn the corner without lowering her speed. Yes! We were starting the third lap and we’d overtaken %char6% once again. All we could do now was run to the end. The villagers had gathered around the knights and were watching them close to see that there were no further interruptions. That should have made    victory as good as ours… But then the knights drew their swords, and the villagers scattered. Everything was chaos. I could see someone among the knights beginning to chant yet another spell. If that’s how they wanted to play, I had some tricks of my own. Air Strike Shield! They had called for another hole to appear in the racing lane, but I summoned my Shield to cover it.     Go %char2%! Let’s show these jerks how fast we can run! Gaaah! Yes! Victory was as good as ours. But on our way to victory… %char2%! Gah! I spotted the knight that had been casting the spells… I stared him down. I… Um… From where he stood, I must have seemed like the supreme ruler of the century’s end. %char2% turned her back on the cheating knight, raised her leg, and kicked him. The fool fainted on the spot. Gah!! %char2% called out her victory, and we sauntered over the goal line, far in the lead, and victorious. I… I lost… It’s not fair! He cheated! I demand a rematch! shouted the Bitch. Cheated? Who are you talking about? Who was the one casting spells? I pointed at the unconscious knight. What are you implying? That guy was casting all sorts of spells to hinder our progress! That’s cheating! Wait… was he really? %char6% chimed in, acting as if he had been unaware the whole time. Like I’d forget that he’d shouted, Now’s my chance! I don’t know anything about that. Even if he did cheat, what’s that got to do with us? We demand justice! So she only wants justice when SHE loses? Ha! Give me a break. It didn’t look that way to me. All of the villagers nodded in agreement with the governor’s announcement. Just as the Shield Hero was saying, there are marks on the course left by magical spells. We ran to chase off the knights, so the proof is still    there. That’s right. We kicked that knight at the end so that he wouldn’t be able to cover up what he had done. The villagers now surrounded him. If we just went to see the huge hole still in the racing lane, anyone would know, right off the bat, who was to blame. The Shield Hero planted that to make us look bad! No, he did not. What? The lady from the magic shop appeared from the crowd of villagers. Oh yeah, she had a grandchild here, she’d said. The Shield Hero can only use support and restorative magic. The girl with him can only use light and dark magic, and therefore neither of them could have formed these holes in the earth. Oh, great! The stupid magic shop lady thinks she knows everything now! Just as the Bitch shouted, the ninjas appeared again to surround her. It appears obvious that the Spear Hero was the recipient of unfair support. Please come with us. %char6% spoke softly, and tried to calm the Bitch down, We’ve lost this one, and therefore, as promised, we relinquish control of this village. Right. So get the hell out already. I won’t lose next time. You lose all the time. Coward. I am not a coward! Spear Hero, this is no time to fight. You neither, Shield Hero. The ninjas admonished the %char6% gang, and they all left together. They left the dragon behind. We don’t need a dragon that lost to the Shield. Leave it.  Kyuuuu, the dragon let out a pitiful cry, and was left behind. The poor thing. It’s not like he had done anything wrong. A group of villagers walked over and pet the dragon’s head before taking its reigns in hand. Let’s keep him in the village. Good idea. The dragon walked beside the villagers, it’s head hung low. I won, so give me my prize.    Mr. %Name%… just like that? This village owes you so much, Shield Hero. Had they imposed a tax the likes of what they were discussing, it would have been the end of our village. Even still, can you wait a few days? If so, we can provide you with funds as well. Don’t you need the money to make repairs? You know us well. What’s the point in digging into your repair funds just to pay me? That’s not good for anyone. No thanks, but I appreciate the offer. The last thing I wanted was to end up indebted to anyone. Besides, it would not have helped my bruised reputation. Everyone would think I shook the village down for money. Then we will provide you with something very convenient indeed. Tell me, Hero, do you have any interest in traveling sales? Traveling sales? Yes, like when you walk from village to village, town to town, and sell wares. It appears that you are supporting yourself by selling materials and medicines. If you have any interest, we could help you with such matters. Huh. Did they mean a traveling merchant of some sort? In other words, instead of selling to apothecaries, I would sell directly to customers… I’d have to give it some thought. Up until now, I’d been focused on the production side of things, but if I did what they suggested, I’d get in on the sales side of things too. That should make me a good profit. Not to mention, Hero, that you also happen to possess a %char2%lial. That will get you from place to place with relative ease and speed. If you had it pull a cart, then your business would be that much easier. If you’d like, we could provide you a commercial bill of passage. Commercial bill of passage? Yes. Normally, traveling merchants need to visit with the local governor when they first enter a village or town and pay him a certain sum to do business there. However, if you show them the commercial bill of passage, with my seal affixed, then you should not have to pay this fee. I think you would find it quite useful.    I had to think. This farming town was very close to the Melromarc Kingdom, and it was situated conveniently close to trade routes. To be the governor of such a place must have entailed a level of authority and dignity. The villagers were aware that their village was saved during the wave due to my efforts. They must have also heard about my troubled reputation, and all about what the king was doing to me, using any method he could think of to suppress my freedom. They also knew that my reputation would make further business difficult for me, and therefore were offering cooperation. I believe it will help you conduct business in spite of your unsavory reputation. We’d like to remove obstacles from your path, and we think this will make life easier for you. They were accepting me and being kind. I felt sincere gratitude. Thank you. I accept your kind offer. In truth, it really was wonderful compensation, and it should make it easier to get some decent money. They even offered to build a carriage for %char2%. Great… that sure beat pushing a wheelbarrow. Well anyway, let’s get back to reconstruction, shall we? Yes. The villagers nodded along with %char1%. We all went back to our own projects. Gah! %char2% was on top of the world, excited to have her very own carriage. Great. Let’s head to the forest! Okay! Gah! I pointed in the direction I wanted to go, and %char2% chirped in excitement and started pulling the carriage. Rattle… Rattle… Ahh… It was so peaceful, so pleasant. Rattle, rattle, rattle! Clatter, clatter! %char2% started pulling faster and faster, and soon we were flying down the road. You’re too fast! Slow down! I don’t feel so good…    %char1% was laying down in the back of the carriage, suddenly sick. I guess she got motion sick. You all right? Yes… but… try not to shake the carriage so much. I guess you get motion sick, huh? I guess I do. Are you all right, Mr. %Name%? I’ve never gotten sick yet. It wasn’t just that alcohol didn’t affect me. I’d never gotten seasick or carsick either. Back in elementary school, we’d taken a bus to go on a field trip. I was reading some manga and light novels that I had in my backpack when the person next to me started complaining that they felt sick, and we had to switch seats. Also, I remember that whenever we went to visit my extended family, we had to take a boat. Everyone else in my family got seasick, but not me. I remember playing games on my phone the whole time. We’ll make sure you relax. %char2% and I will make sure that we get to where we are going. Thank you. I’ll take you up on that offer… Gaaah! Could you maybe go a little slower? %char2% just kept on running, overjoyed, as though she couldn’t hear %char1% at all. Afterwards, %char1% threw up on the side of the road. By the time we made it to the forest, she was doing all she could to suppress the nausea. Ugh… Ugh… %char1%’s pale face made me feel bad. Maybe I should have slowed the carriage down more. Sorry. Gah… %char2%, too, looked downcast, as though guilty. I’m… I’m fine. You don’t look fine. Let’s find a place for you to rest. Why hello there, Shield Hero. There was a small house over by the woods, and a villager who looked something like a lumberjack came out from it.    Yeah, the villagers asked me to come pick up some wood here. Um… Is your friend there all right? I think… I dunno, probably not. I’d like to let her get some rest. Do you know of a good place? There’s a place in my house she could rest for a while. The lumberjack led us over to his house, and I lent %char1% my shoulder to steady herself on the way. Once we were inside, we laid her down on the bed. Let’s find some enemies that are easy enough for %char2% to take care of in this area. Then we’ll just focus on carrying the luggage. %char1% apparently got motion sick rather easily, so we’d have to slow the pace down a bit. Do me a favor and load the carriage up with the wood, if you will. We’ll be back in a little while. Okay. I unhitched %char2% from the carriage, and she looked at the house, then at me. Let’s go! Gah! Considering how badly she had hurt %char6%, I was expecting a pretty impressive fight with her. We went to go walk around the forest. Once we were under the trees for a while, I was surprised at how few monsters we encountered. %char2% and I just kept on walking through the silent forest. People always talk about how peaceful and relaxing the silence of the forests is, but I’d never understood what they meant until now. That reminds me, ever since I’d come to this world, I don’t think I’d ever had the opportunity to just walk around and enjoy the scenery. I felt so peaceful now. It must have been the look on %char6%’s face after he’d taken the brunt of %char2%’s kick. No, that’s not it. It was because %char1% had believed in me. And now she was back at that house, sick from the carriage ride. I felt… lonely.    Thinking back on it all, we’d really only been together for two or three weeks. And yet it already felt so natural to be together. She was just a little kid back then, and I felt like it had been forever since she’d grown into the young woman she was now. I’d decided to try and take over the role of her parents… but what, exactly, was I supposed to do? And the wave was still coming. We still had over a month until the next wave came… and yet… If only there was some kind of medicine for motion sickness…       We finished our walk in the woods. %char1% still wasn’t feeling well, so we left her, resting, and made a run to the village to drop of the lumber. By the time we returned, she was feeling much better. How are you? Better. That was… fast! The lumberjack was shocked at how quickly we were able to get to the village and back. This one is pretty quick on its feet. I answered, and ran my hand over %char2%’s head. Gah! %char2% gave an excited chirp. It’s true. She really was fast. So should we make a real try at this forest? Yes. Take it slow on the way back, okay %char2%? Gah! Piki… What was that sound? I thought it was a bone growing, and yet, here she was, making those weird sounds again. I hope she wasn’t sick or anything like that. We did pretty well for ourselves that day. %char1% was fighting at the top of her game, but I was surprised at how quick and strong %char2% was turning out to be. Honestly, if you were only looking at speed, and the strength of a single attack, she probably could have beat %char1%. And yet, %char1% was apparently eager to lead the attack. %Name%: LV 26 %char1%: LV 29 %char2%: LV 19 White Usapil Shield: conditions met Dark Porcupine Shield: conditions met    Usapil Bone Shield: conditions met Porcupine Bone Shield: conditions met White Usapil Shield: ability locked: equip bonus: defense 2 Dark Porcupine Shield: ability locked: equip bonus: agility 12 Usapil Bone Shield: ability locked: equip bonus: stamina up (small) Porcupine Bone Shield: ability locked: equip bonus: SP up (small) All the abilities I’d managed to unlock were status boosts. If there was a more efficient place to level, I could have used a better, more functional shield. But I didn’t know anywhere that would be good for efficient leveling. So all I could do was work in this area to unlock the abilities and boost the stats of the shields I already had. How many abilities had I unlocked at that point? There were so many it was hard to tell. Even still, I hadn’t used any of the lower level shields, like the Orange Small Shield, since I’d unlocked them. The most useful had probably been the Sharpening Shield, as at least its skill came in handy from time to time. Anyway, as for the four shields I got today, I was pretty sure that I wouldn’t use them once I unlocked their abilities. When the sun started to go down, we all walked back to Riyute, and I made sure that %char2% kept to a leisurely pace. We’d have to find some way to get %char1% used to riding in a carriage. On our way home she had to stop and rest in the trees more than once. That slowed us down even more, and by the time we made it back to Riyute, it was already dark. I’m very sorry about this. Don’t worry about it. You’ll get used to it eventually.    I never got sick. I was starting to think it a little strange. I’d heard that people could get used to riding on things that used to make them sick though, so I was hoping that %char1% would get over her sickness relatively quickly. Granted, %char2% had a tendency to run off at breakneck speed—and that wasn’t helping. Gah! A transformation had already started in %char2%. Honestly, it had probably started a long time ago, and we just hadn’t noticed it. Or, perhaps, we had noticed it but had ignored it. The next morning I noticed the transformation, and so had %char1%. We were both deep in thought. Gaah! When we went to the stables to check on %char2% the transformation was already complete. %char2% was… really no matter how you looked at it, much bigger than any %char2%lial I’d seen before. The average height for %char2%lials evened out somewhere around two meters and thirty centimeters. They were a lot like ostriches. But %char2% was much stockier, and her neck and head were much larger. And she stood at two meters, eighty centimeters. When she stood up, her head hit the ceiling of the stables. Did I really buy a %char2%lial egg? I’m starting to wonder if we didn’t end up with something else altogether. Yeah… I’m starting to think the same thing. Gah! %char2% swallowed something that she’d been chewing on. I looked around and realized that the Chimera meat was all gone. There’d been like two whole cows’ worth of meat, and now it had all vanished without a trace. Had %char2% just finished it off? And here I was thinking that his appetite had died off… She’s been eating it the whole time! Gah! Ahahahaha! This is not a laughing matter!    All right… what should we do? For now, at least, we could just pretend that she was a bigger %char2%lial than average. Piki… There was that weird sound again. Did you hear that?! Mr. %Name%? Could it be that your shield skills have helped her grow this much? It could be. Sure. I did get a maturation adjustment (medium) bonus from that Monster User Shield III. Mr. %Name%… You have a Slave User Shield too, don’t you? Yeah. It has a similar maturation bonus on it too. You mean… It works on me? Yeah, I unlocked it a long time ago. I can tell it’s having an effect on you. Noooo! %char1% screamed and ran from the stables. Ra…%char1%?! I… I’d been thinking that I felt lighter on my feet more than normal these days. That was you? It’s because of you! Hey, calm down! Am I going to get as big as %char2%? I don’t want to! I’m scared! You’re not making those weird sounds! You… You’re right. Whew! Good thing! I was so scared. Still, I really couldn’t predict what the skill would do to her. I pictured %char1% bulking up and growing huge, and looked over at %char2%. What are you thinking about? I wonder what’s going on. I ignored %char1%’s hysterical question and moved the conversation forward. Maybe we should go back to the slave trader and see if he can tell us anything? Good idea. There was no getting around it. I really didn’t want to leave and go all the way back to Castle Town, but that seemed to be our only option. Gah!    We boarded the carriage and made way for Castle Town, but I worried about %char1% the whole time. I didn’t want her getting sick again. On the way we fought a few monsters, and stopped to feed %char2% when she protested of hunger. When we finally made it to Castle Town it was just past noon. Hey… I realized that %char2% had changed even more. Her legs were shrinking, until she looked like some giant penguin, or owl. Still, she happily pulled the carriage, as if it were her favorite thing in the world. But she wasn’t able to pull it in the same way she had before. Before, the carriage had been tied to the reigns around %char2%’s body. But now %char2% held the straps in little wings that she could articulate like hands. She pulled the cart with skill. Gweh! Even her voice was different. %char2% was white all over now. Huh? I climbed down from the carriage and slowly looked %char2% over. Has she… shrunk? She seemed to be standing at two meters and thirty centimeters now. But her whole body seemed stockier now, like she’d made up for her lost height by expanding horizontally. She made for an imposing presence. She was like… one of those comically fat mascots you see around theme parks. Gweh? It’s nothing. Was %char2% aware of the changes she was going through? It was already hard to tell what kind of monster she was supposed to be. Yes, well… I don’t know what to tell you. All I can do is express my own shock. Yes sir. The slave trader was mopping the cold sweat from his face as he looked %char2% over. Gweh? %char2% was fatter in all directions now. It stood somehow like a mix between a human and an ostrich. Ok, so tell me the truth. This thing hatched from the egg we bought from you. What kind of egg was that?    I stepped closer and leaned in as I asked. I snapped my fingers and %char2% readied herself to attack if necessary. Gweeeeeeh! The slave trader, visibly flustered, flipped through sheet after sheet of documents. This is… strange. According to my records, the egg that I sold you was most definitely a %char2%lial egg. THIS is a %char2%lial? Gweeh! I threw a big piece of food over to her, and she skillfully snapped it out of the air. Well… now… That reminded me… I don’t think I’d heard any of those weird sounds from %char2% for a little while now. Did that mean that she had finally fully matured? And to think that this creature hatched only a few days ago? She’s grown so fast! I take my hat off to you, Hero. Stop beating around the bush. Tell me the truth. What kind of egg did you sell me? Well… Was this creature always the way she appears now? No. I gave him a quick summary of the maturation process we’d observed for the last few days. So you mean that the creature seemed to be a normal %char2%lial for a long time? Yes, only now it’s like she’s become something completely different. Gweh? %char2% turned her head to the side and struck a pose. It was cute, but I think she might have been a little irritated. Just whose fault was it that we were here though? Hm? Gweh. She walked over and rubbed her whole body against mine. Then she opened her wings and hugged me close. It only made sense, since she was a bird, that she’d be warm. But her high body heat was honestly almost sweltering. Um…    %char1% knit her eyebrows before leaning in and grabbing my hand. Gweh? %char1% and %char2% were now staring at one another. Hey, what’s with you two? Oh, nothing. Gweh Gweh. Both of them shook their heads to the side. What was going on? So what is it? Yes, well… The slave trader seemed at a loss for words. Could it be that he didn’t understand how to raise the very monsters that he was selling? I need to do some research. May I ask you to leave the monster with me? If you hurt her during this ‘research’ of yours, I’ll see to it that you pay. Gweh?! I understand, but I will need some time. Yes sir. Fine. I’ll leave it up to you. If anything happens, I’ll hold you liable. Gweeeh?! As if she was dissatisfied with my answer, %char2% flapped her wings angrily. But a servant appeared, clipped a collar around her neck, and led her to a cage. Oddly enough, she didn’t put up a fight at all. Maybe, she didn’t because she could see us there with her. All right, we’ll be back tomorrow to pick her up. I sure hope you have an answer for us by then. I made my point bluntly, and then %char1% and I exited the tent. Gweeeh! Even after we’d left the tent and were walking down the street, we could still hear %char2%’s sharp cries. That evening, we were settling into our room in the inn when the innkeeper called for us. Excuse me, Hero? Hm? What is it? There is someone here to see you.    Who could it be? I didn’t have time to ask, as the innkeeper told me the person was waiting for us at the counter. I looked around him to see, and sure enough, there was a man I’d never seen waiting there. What do you want? I am, um… I am a monster trainer… A monster trainer? Ah, a slave trader. Of course he wouldn’t want to introduce himself that way here, in front of everyone. What is it? Um… We would like to return the monster you have left with us, so I’ve come to meet you. What?! It had only been a couple of hours since we’d left the tent. What could have happened? %char1% and I made our way to the tent as quickly as we could, and as soon as we were within earshot, we could here %char2%’s cries. Oh, hello there. You’ll have to pardon me for calling at such an hour as this. Yes sir. The slave trader came to meet us at the door. He looked exhausted. What is it? I thought we agreed that you’d take her for the night? That was what I’d intended. But your monster has caused us a fair bit of trouble you see… Gweeeeeeeh! %char2% was rocking the cage, but once she caught sight of us she calmed down a bit. Your monster has broken three cages, and sent five of my servants to the hospital with heavy injuries. Three of our other monsters have also sustained heavy injuries. Yes sir. I’m not going to pay you for your troubles. Always thinking of money, even at a time like this. I take my hat off to you, Hero. Yes sir. Anyway, what is it? Did you figure out the problem? No… However, I have heard an eyewitness report of something called the %char2%lial Master. Master? Specifically it refers to a %char2%lial that has taken on leader status of a large %char2%lial flock. It’s a rather famous story among adventurers.    Apparently the slave trader had thrown his net pretty wide when he tried to figure out what the issue with %char2% was. Wild %char2%lials formed large flocks and apparently they were controlled by a leader. This master would only appear before human eyes very rarely. Was he suggesting that this King of the %char2%lials was %char2%? Huh… Guess it was some kind of folklore. I could have let the monster out and absorbed it into my shield. Then I would know for sure, but it would also kill %char2%. I could butcher it and absorb the blood and wings and stuff, but since she was my monster, that would only unlock the Monster User Shield. There was something else I could unlock, but I wasn’t a high enough level, and my skill tree hadn’t progressed enough. Gweh? If the monster was on your side, its information wasn’t displayed on the status screen, except for deeming it an ally. Now if the monster was an enemy I could have seen its name. So what do you call this master thing? %char2%lial King, or %char2%lial Queen. %char2%’s a girl, so she must be a queen. Yes. And she’s taken a liking to you, and besides, I couldn’t sell her like this if I tried. Sir… Huh? Did you hear that? Hear what? I didn’t hear anything. Um… I… %char1% covered her mouth and was pointing at %char2%’s cage. The slave trader’s assistant was also pointing breathlessly. The slave trader and I followed their gaze to try and see what everyone was so excited about. M…Master! There was a naked girl with wings there in the cage, bathed in the afterglow of a radiant white light.       Hey! Open up in there! I was banging on the door to the weapon shop, which had already closed for the day. Eventually the owner slowly opened the door, looking groggy and upset. What is it there Little-Hero? I’ve been closed for hours. We don’t have time for that! I’d covered %char2% with my cape, and I pushed her forward so the owner could see her. Little-Hero-Boy, don’t come bragging to me about your new slaves. That’s not it at all! What kind of person did he think I was? If I met the guy he seemed to think I was, I’d punch him in the face. Master? What’s wrong? You shut up. I don’t wanna! What the hell was going on? Everything went crazy after that. The slave trader kept thrusting his finger at me. His assistant was speechless. %char1% too. As for %char2%, she wanted to get closer to me, so she became a girl, and before I knew it I’d taken her with me and was banging on the door of the weapon shop.     Tear! Riiiiiip! She transformed before our eyes, and the cape was torn to tatters. She’d turned into the %char2%lial Queen (tentative name). That damn bird! You know that cape isn’t free? Wh… The owner was at a loss for words. He looked up at the giant bird. %char2% suddenly turned back into a little girl and held my hand. The cape fluttered down from above and covered her head. See what I mean? Oh… Yeah. The guy twisted his face in confusion and led us inside. So why did you come here? You want equipment for her? Are there any clothes that could survive this transformation? Or hey —why is she transforming in the first place?! C’mon, kid. Settle down. That’s right. Why was this happening? Why was %char2% suddenly a little girl? There were small wings on her back, left over from the transformation probably, and she had blue eyes. She looked like a little angel. And her face was so little and cute—she looked like a drawing. She looked to be around ten-years-old. She was a bit smaller than %char1% had been when we’d first teamed up. GRUMBLE… a classic sound of hunger came rumbling from %char2%’s new human stomach. Master! I’m hungry! You’ll have to wait. I don’t wanna! All right then, you can have some of my dinner. The shop owner went to a back room and came back with a pot of soup. Now you’ll have to… Yay! Yummy! She snatched the pot from him and poured the contents down her throat in one quick movement. Hm… Well, it wasn’t the most delicious soup ever…    She handed the pot back to him, and he accepted it in silence and then shot me a glance. Sorry about that. Hey kid, you better buy me some dinner some day. She was already costing me a fortune! But now that you mention it, I do think I had some clothes for demihumans that were capable of transforming. Which reminds me, go to a normal clothes store if you want clothes. You want me to barge into a store I don’t know with a naked girl at this time of night? One that turns into a monster? You got a point there. Anyway, hold on. He went into the back of the shop and I could hear him shuffling various boxes around. I don’t know if these will fit, and they are seasonal clothes anyway— so don’t get your hope up. Fine. It took him quite a while of hunting back there before he eventually returned. Sorry, but I don’t think I have anything big enough to survive the transformation. What?! But that was my only idea… No I… What should I do? There was this little naked girl hanging off of my arm, and I couldn’t find any clothes to put on her. I was finally starting to repair my horrible reputation, and now this! This wouldn’t help one bit. Master! Don’t you dare transform! Even if I could set certain rules for the monsters I controlled, there was no setting to prevent the monster from turning into a human. Monsters turning into humans! It must have been rare. But I wanna…! What would satisfy this girl?! She refused pretty much everything I said. Was she in a rebellious phase? She’d only been born a few days earlier, so that didn’t seem very likely.    Because if I stay the way I normally am you won’t sleep with me, will you, Master? She squeezed my hand hard and smiled, looking up at me with beaming eyes. What? I have to sleep with you now? I’m lonely… Oh boy… You’re in for it now, Hero-Boy. I wasn’t summoned to this world so that I could babysit. Even still, I guess I had decided to watch out for %char1%. That reminds me. Where’s %char1%? I finally caught up. The door swung open and %char1% came in, nearly out of breath. You ran off so quickly… I’ve been looking for you. Sorry about that. Yay! %char1%! %char2% waved excitedly to %char1%. I’m not giving Master back! What is this kid saying? You won’t give me back? You know I’m not yours! Because Master is my papa! No I’m not. I’m your… owner. You’re not. Then what about %char1%? %char1% is like my daughter. That’s not true! Huh? I don’t follow… Anyway, I don’t have the clothes you wanted. I’ll look around for you, but you should go home for now. Right… Sorry. Thanks for the soup! I swear, kid… You’re always showing up and surprising me. We left the shop and made our way back to the inn, but once we were on our way %char1% stopped. Um… the slave… I mean monster trainer was looking for you. Huh? Oh. Okay. We changed course and returned to the tent, where the slave trader was waiting for us.    Well that was certainly unexpected. Yes sir. Sure was. He pointed over at %char2%, who was wrapped in the cape. %char2%lial Queens are capable of very advanced feats of transformation. I think they do this so that they may hide out among the other %char2%lials without interference from humans. I get it now. So these kings and queens were able to change how they looked to hide out among the other %char2%lials. %char2% used that ability to turn into a human. I am very surprised and excited to have the opportunity to see and study one of these. They are very rare you know. Your ability with monster training must be very impressive. Yes sir Huh? That you could raise a %char2%lial so well, and so quickly, that it became a queen is very impressive. How were you able to do it? There we go. Now I knew what the slave trader wanted. If he could figure out how to produce more of these kings and queens, especially considering their rare transformation abilities, he’d be able to sell them for a massive profit.     I think it has something to do with my Legendary Shield. I really did think that %char2%’s amazing maturation had something to do with the maturation adjustment ability the shield had given me. Or at least I didn’t have any other ideas. I was afraid you’d respond with some equivocation like that. How much money would it take to get you to tell me? It’s not like that! Then I will provide you with another %char2%lial hatchling, and you can raise it… No thanks! I would not be able to afford raising another one. And besides, I needed to think about getting %char2% some clothes. The last thing I needed was another mouth to feed. I guess the only other thing that might have done it, you know… that thing… What thing, exactly?! Ew, the slave trader was excited, and his eyes were shining. Gross. It was just something I’d thought of, but %char2% did eat the Chimera meat. That’s not to say that it caused her to transform, but it was true. Well then, that’s a shame. The slave trader sighed and stepped back, as either from disappointment or simply because he didn’t believe me. I can supply you with another %char2%lial at any time, so don’t hesitate to stop by. Yes sir. I’d like to refuse… If you raise it into something useful, I’ll see to it that you are properly compensated. Ha! I’ll think about it when I have a bit more time and money on my hands. I was aware that I was becoming a bit of a miser, but this conversation only set my mind further. Now being frugal was a conviction. Speaking of which, what should we do? About what? %char2%lial stuck her head into the conversation and asked. About YOUR condition.    I’m sleeping with Master! I won’t let you! Aw, but I want to! %char1% wants to keep Master all to herself! I do NOT! What were these girls fighting over? Ok, %char2%. Let’s sleep in the stable attached to the inn, okay? No way! She snapped out a refusal, very bird-like. I’m sleeping with you, Master! It was just like a kid. Kids always wanted to sleep with their parents. Okay, okay. Mr. %Name%?! If we keep saying no she’s just going to whine the whole time. I guess we need to bend a little too. I suppose you are right. %char1% whispered her agreement, very disappointed. But you can’t walk around naked in front of people anymore. Okay! Did she really understand? Whatever. All I could do is pray that the owner of the weapon shop would think of something in time. We went back to the inn, paid the innkeeper for an extra person, and went up to our room. Our typical evening activities, of studying and compounding, were no longer possible now that %char2% was running around. Wow! The bed is so soft! %char2% was jumping up and down on the bed. It took a while to calm her down, and by then we were all tired enough to fall asleep. Why is it so hot?! Ugh… My body wouldn’t move the way I wanted it to. What was going on? I slowly opened my eyes to find myself surround by white. I was covered in feathers. Snore… Snore… The whole bed was snoring! I finally raised my face from the feathers to find that I wasn’t sleeping on the bed anymore but on %char2%’s massive stomach, as she had returned to    her %char2%lial form in the night. Apparently she had rolled from the bed and hugged me against her, using me as a pillow as she slept. Get up! You fat chicken! Who gave her permission to turn back into a bird? Yawwwwn. Oh? So she could talk, even though she was a bird now? What…what are you doing?! %char1% was rubbing her eyes. Then when she saw us, she screamed and pointed her finger at us. %char1%! Help me! I was hitting %char2%, but she never woke up. It was probably because my attack power was so low though. %char2%! Wake up! Mmmm… oh! Master! %char2% rolled off me. I could hear the floorboards creaking under the burden. Surely there was only so much weight that they could bear. Wake up! It didn’t look like she was going to let me go and wake up anytime soon. Wake up! %char1% ran over and pried %char2%’s wings apart, creating just a big enough space for me to slip out. This is pretty intense for a morning. Hrm? %char2% was suddenly noticing my absence, and as she started to look for me she finally came to her senses. She noticed that %char1% and I were shooting daggers at her, and she looked confused as to why. What happened? First things first, turn back into a human! Huh? But I just woke uuuuup… Dammit! I didn’t want to do it this way, but I didn’t have any other choice. I opened up my status screen, looked at %char2%’s settings, and checked the box that demanded she do as I say. Now she had no choice but to do as I    say. Turn back into a human! I turned to %char2% and shouted the order. But I… I want to sleep with Master a little bit more! But the mark of the monster trainer curse appeared on her chest and started to glow. Huh? If you don’t listen, it will hurt you. The glowing curse seal grew to cover her whole chest then continued to expand. Yaaaawn! Glowing geometric patterns appeared on her wings, and began to fly towards the glowing pattern on her chest. They collided, and with a small fizzle, the monster trainer seal faded away. Huh? I quickly reopened the status screen only to find that the boxes I’d previously checked had all been unchecked. I tried to check them again, but no matter how many times I attempted it, the boxes remained empty. What’s the use of a monster that doesn’t follow orders? Dammit! The whole reason I bought a monster in the first place was so it would do what I said! That damn slave trader. Just you wait. I’m coming to see you… You better be waiting!       Slave Trader! First thing in the morning, we set out for the slave trader’s tent. What is wrong, Hero? This early in the morning? Yes sir. The monster seal you put on my %char2%lial didn’t work. It was junk. Depending how you respond to my complaints, my monster and slave might make a real mess of your place here. Right? I’m hungry, so I’ll be back later. If you don’t behave yourself, we’ll make breakfast out of YOU. The seal we’d put on %char2% wasn’t working, and I couldn’t even take it off. You don’t say? Tell me more about it. I explained the morning’s events to the slave trader. It was pretty hard going from that point on. Eventually I calmed %char2% down and convinced her to return to human form, and then we all made our way to the tent. %char1% was clearly on edge, worrying the whole time about keeping %char2% from doing anything crazy. It seems that a normal monster seal is not strong enough to control a %char2%lial Queen. Yes sir. What does that mean? Very powerful monsters cannot always be restrained by a normal monster seal. The Knight Dragons, for example, require a special seal. So a normal seal isn’t enough to control %char2%? That right. The slave trader opened a notebook and began frantically scribbling in it, like he couldn’t stand to let these new developments go unrecorded. So are you going to put on a special seal for me or what? Unfortunately we don’t offer that service for free here. What? Well it does cost a fair amount of money to perform, therefore we are unable to offer it without compensation. There is only so much we can do. Yes sir. So I guess he wouldn’t do it for free.    How much? With how much I believe I can expect from you in the future, Hero, I’ll give you a deal at only 200 pieces of silver. Ugh… That was expensive. Isn’t there anything… Before you continue, I’ll have you know that the typical market price is 800 pieces of silver. I have great respect for you, Hero, and therefore would never lie to you. Ugh! That hit where it hurt. I recovered from the shock and, mind still reeling, and with extreme trepidation, handed the slave trader 200 pieces of silver. If you’re lying, I’ll let my friends here rip you apart. Naturally. Yes sir. All of a sudden I noticed that %char2% had returned to her %char2%lial Queen form. %char1% was holding onto one of the wings, as if it was her hand, and led %char2% into the room. Just stay still for a minute, okay, %char2%? Why? If you stay still, I’ll give you a present later. Really? Really. %char2% looked thrilled, and she went to where the slave trader was pointing and stood there silently. Good, if there was any time for magic, this was it. I caught the slave trader’s eye and signaled that he should start, and he quickly nodded. Suddenly twelve robed men appeared and formed a circle around %char2%. They then emptied a jug of some type of medicine over the floor, and then turned to %char2% and began chanting. The floor began to glow, and a magical square appeared. Wh…What?! %char2% snapped her beak rapidly in protest, but she was unable to fight it off, and the square expanded to cover her. Ow! Ouch! Stop it! The monster control spell was hurting her, apparently, and she ran in distressed circles, snapping her beak here and there. The magic square began to shake.    The robed men all let out a gasp of astonishment. We’ve taken all precautions, using as many people as we have. I’ve never seen a monster be able to move under so much force. Who knows what she is capable of. Yes sir. That reminds me, she was only at level 19. Just imagine how powerful she would be at 70 or something like that. The slave trader’s words carried great weight. Finally the spell subsided, the monster control spell was etched into her chest, and she quieted down. It is finished. Yes sir. I could see a monster icon flashing in my periphery, but it looked different than it had before, as if to imply a greater level of control. I didn’t even stop to think, but quickly checked the box that detailed necessary conformity to my orders. Huff… Huff… %char2% was nearly out of breath when she walked over to me. Master! That really hurt! I felt a little guilty about testing it so quickly, but I immediately gave her an order. Turn into a human. But it hurt so I don’t wanna! Give me something yummy! She had immediately refused my order and demanded food, and so the curse on her chest began to shine. What? No! I don’t like this! Make it stop! %char2% released some type of magic that moved towards the curse, but this time it was unable to break it, and the curse itself began to react. Ouch! Ouch! %char2% fell to the floor in pain. If you don’t do as I say, it will only hurt worse. Ouch! Owwwww! She complained the whole time, but finally turned into a human. Once she did, the curse stopped glowing and disappeared. Heh! At least it worked this time. Nice job, Slave Trader. Yes, well, it is very powerful magic. It’s not so easy to break, you see. Yes sir. I went to stand before %char2%, who was lying on the ground.    It cost me 100 pieces of silver to buy you, and now it’s cost me 200 pieces of silver to control you. That makes for 300 pieces of silver. I’m sure you’ll pay me back. But… Master! She was reaching out her hand for me. It felt bad, talking to a little kid like this. Even still, I couldn’t keep going on if my party wouldn’t listen to what I told them to do. Do what I say. No! Fine then. You don’t want to listen to me? I’ll just give you to that creepy old man over there. You want that? …?! %char2% finally seemed to understand her place, and stopped protesting. Her face twisted up with emotion. The slave trader was looking me over. He looked somewhat distressed, but also very happy. How much would you buy her for? Good question. She’s very rare, but considering how much trouble she seems to be, I think that 30 gold pieces seems fair. Now that she has the stronger curse on her, she should be much easier to control, and there is certainly no shortage of work that I could have her do. Yes sir. That slave-trading bastard. After all he said about not wanting her, and not being able to sell her—and here he was, already had a price in mind! I didn’t know what he was really up to, but I got the impression that if gave him %char2%, that would be the end of her, then and there. And %char2%, she was looking up at me, abject terror in her eyes. This wasn’t good. I’d thought that all the goodness in my heart was gone, and yet here it was, threatening to resurrect. Whether it actually came back or not would depend on %char2%’s behavior. I wasn’t her lovable older brother—and I wasn’t the type to sit around doting on a pet. There you have it. If you throw another fit, I’m not going to come running, you hear? I’ll give you a bitter, gross medicine that’ll run through all your veins and kill you. No! Noooooo! %char2% was practically screaming.    Master! Don’t hate me! Don’t hate me! She crawled over to me and held onto my legs as she shouted. Ugh! This was miserable… If you listen to what I say, I won’t hate you. You have to listen to me. O…okay! Okay, good. So when we are sleeping in the inn, you can’t turn back into a bird. You have to promise. Okay! She looked up at me, her face beaming. This was taking a real toll on my conscience. But then I turned my eyes away from her pleading face, and the slave trader noticed and leaned in to watch, with excitement, how the scene developed. This play of heretical anger is astonishing, yes. I take my hat off to you again. You truly are the Legendary Shield Hero. I didn’t appreciate the aspects of my character he had chose to congratulate me on, but I suppose it was nothing to complain about. Mr. %Name%… don’t you think that it’s enough? If I don’t, she won’t listen to what I say. You were the same way, remember? %char1% nodded. You’re right. It was like that. There are times to let someone have their way, and times when you have to reel them in. I didn’t mention that I considered myself the judge of such matters. Ah yes, carrots and sticks! Carrots and sticks! Yes sir. I wasn’t talking to you, Slave Trader. And I wished he wasn’t so presumptive. Sorry for all the trouble. If that’s how you feel about it, then to make things easier in the future you should teach me how you raised this Fil… Anyway, we have somewhere to be today, so we’ll just be off. Ah, yes. I am once again impressed that you don’t allow yourself to become subject to my own pace… Yes, your will is very impressive indeed, Hero. Yes sir.    So that was the end of our talks for the day, and we exited the tent.       I threw my cape around %char2%, and we went to the weapon shop. Ah yes, our Little-Hero! The owner threw his hand in the air at my approach, like he had been waiting for us to stop by. Did you find anything? Yup. You just wait a minute. He jogged to the door and put up a closed sign before motioning for us to come outside. He led us down the street to the magic shop we had visited a few days earlier. Now, now. When the owner of the weapon shop poked his head in, the lady at the magic shop could not suppress a smile, and she ran to the door to meet him. Would you all come to the back of my shop for a moment? %char2%, don’t turn into a bird without my permission, okay? Okay… We went into the backroom, which smelled very much like someone had been living there. There was a large workspace laid out. Apparently that was where she made her spells. The ceiling must have been about three meters tall. There was a magic square on the ground, and some crystals placed delicately in the center of the room. Sorry about the clutter, I was just in the middle of some work. No problem at all. But do you sell clothes here for this girl? I asked around this morning, and I heard that the lady at this magic shop knew what to do. Oh yes, I do. The lady took the crystals from their place on the table, and in their place sat a large machine that looked something like an antique sewing machine. Was it a spindle, like the thing that Sleeping Beauty pricked her finger on? Is that little girl really a monster?    Yes. So when she transforms back into her original form, her clothes rip. %char2%, turn back. I figured it was safe for her to do it here. Okay. She nodded, removed the cape, and transformed back into a %char2%lial. Ah yes, now I see. This is the little %char2%lial you had with you the last time we spoke, is it not? The magic shop lady looked up at %char2%, as a %char2%lial queen, and asked in shocked tones. Does this work? %char2%’s voice was still the same as it was when she was a little girl, so it sounded very strange coming from her giant, %char2%lial body. Granted, I supposed it was an accepted fantasy trope that you could hold conversations with animals like this. I looked over at %char1%. What is it? Nothing. That reminded me, %char1% was a demi-human. Back when I was still bright-eyed and optimistic about this world, it would have been so exciting to have her as my partner. Thinking of it that way, I could understand the way that %char6% had responded to seeing her back when we dueled. Of course, that was all in the past for me. So shall I make some clothes for her? You can make them? Clothes that won’t rip when she transforms? Yes, I can… Though if we are honest, I don’t know if they qualify as ‘clothes.’ What do you mean? How do I appear to you, Mr. Hero? A magic shop… I don’t know… a witch? That’s right. So I do know something about transformation. It wasn’t like I was starting to understand anything about this world, and I couldn’t be sure if I was even right. But in the manga and games that I have played and read I think I’d come across witches that could turn into animals.    Having said that, turning into an animal is really more trouble than it is worth, considering the level of magic required and the risk involved. Still, I do from time to time. Trying to find new clothes every time you change is really a bother, you know? Okay, so it sounded like witches and wizards were able to transform if they wanted to. The witch was fingering some wooden sewing tools when she answered. It’s fine if you are back at your own house or something. But to transform in a place you aren’t secure, it can be a real disaster. I would think so. The main issue seemed to be clothes. You couldn’t just go walking around naked. So there are very useful clothes that people wear when they transform. Clothes that survive the transformation and will still be there, no matter the form you take. I see. There are some famous examples among wizards and witches, even among the demi-humans. An example you might know of is the capes that vampires wear. Yeah… come to think of it, I’d seen that in an old movie. They could turn into bats and wolves and things like that. I guess they existed in this world too. This machine here is designed to produce the thread that we make those clothes from. You don’t say… but how does it work? How does the clothing survive the transformation? The power that makes it look like clothing is very exact. Her answer confused me. This machine turns magical power into thread. The user can decide on their own timing to turn the thread back into magic, and vice-versa. So you’re saying that when she turns into a human, she can turn her magic power into clothing? Yes, that’s how it works. She was right… It wasn’t exactly clothing in the way I understood clothing. When %char2% wasn’t a human, it would turn into a magical power    that dwelt within her body. Then when she turned into a girl, it would materialize as clothing. Okay then. Now, %char2%, will you slowly turn that handle for me? %char2% got a hold on the handle and began to turn it. When she did, a thin thread began to come out of one end the machine. The old lady took it, wrapped it on a dowel, and started spinning the dowel to collect the thread. What’s happening? I feel like I’m losing my energy! We are turning some of you magical powers into thread, dear. You’ll feel a little tired. But keep on turning that handle. We don’t have enough yet to make you any clothes. Ugh… But this isn’t fun! I guess she really was just a kid. She’d only been alive for a week, come to think of it. %char2% kept slowly turning the handle and looking absentmindedly around the room. When she was doing so, the jewel that was on top of the machine suddenly broke. Oh no. My jewel broke! Without that we won’t be able to make the clothing. What? That sounded like a big problem to me. It would be near impossible to get her to change into clothes whenever she transformed, and besides, the cost of the clothes would be astronomical. Isn’t there anything you can do? Well, the material for the jewel can be found in the market… but it isn’t cheap. Ugh… That was the last thing I wanted to hear. Is there any way we could make it? Hm… Let me think. She found a map at the back of the bookshelf and unrolled it on the tabletop. I believe, in Melromarc, is only place where the jewels may be found. Here in this cave. She pointed to the mountainous area in the southwest of the kingdom, and both the guy from the weapon shop and I nodded.    There is supposed to be a rich vein running through the basement of some ruins here. If you could find it, we’d be able to make the jewel for not much money. Sounds like a plan. It would be dangerous, but we didn’t have enough money to think about any other options. All right, I’m going with you. Are you sure? How else will you know what is good-enough quality? I did have a skill that improved my resource appraisal, but it would still be best to have an actual witch chose the jewel. If we made a good haul, we could sell the remainders for profit. That was obviously a best-case scenario. Okay great. Are you ready to go now? Yes, no problem at all. All right then, let’s go. And quickly. We loaded up the carriage with our luggage and had %char2% pull it. Then we all set out for the cave in the Southwest of Melromarc. Is this the cave? I was pointing to what looked like the intimidating entrance to a ruined temple, tucked into the crags of the mountainous region we’d been traversing. There was a temple built into the ruddy cliffs there… and it felt like it must have contained some powerful items within… that is, if this were an RPG. I caught myself thinking that way again. I’ve spent too much time with games! No, that’s not it. According to local tradition, there was once an evil alchemist who made this temple into his home base. You don’t say… There are rumors that the alchemist was deeply involved in research on a dangerous plant. Apparently that plant is still sealed inside. We will not venture in there. There should be a tunnel bored into the side of the mountain that goes under the temple. That’s what we are aiming for. We all began to scour the area for the tunnel the witch had described. Is this it?    We moved further down the path to find a giant, fresh crack in the cliff. It was large enough to squeeze inside. It could be. Mr. %Name%, should we go in first and check it out? I nodded, and we both looked inside. The interior appeared to be man-made. It was formed from stone, but formed into concrete and designed shapes. What’s that? There was an ornate treasure chest sitting at the back of the room. I opened it, but it was empty. I guess if dungeons were real, this is what they would be like. Of course someone would have been there before you. Is it still the alchemist’s hideout? Seems to be. Maybe the alchemist had chosen this spot for his hideout for the very jewels that we had come in search of. There was a stone pillar, something like a gravestone, right next to the treasure box, and it was inscribed with various symbols. I hadn’t studied enough of the language to be able to read it yet. Hey, Witch? Can you read this? The letters are very old. ‘To he who would break the seal of the seed. It is my desire that this seed never be released into the world. It will play with the people’s desire to be freed from famine, granting their wish in the worst way imaginable. The seal is not so easily broken.’ A seed, huh? So that’s what was in this treasure chest. Whatever, it was no concern of mine. It must have been carried off by some vagrant adventurer at some point —and besides, who had the time to care about this alchemist’s half-baked projects? I guess this isn’t the place. I suppose you are correct. We left the little room and made another pass of the area, and we finally came across the tunnel we were looking for. We went inside. But… These monster footprints are very fresh. The witch whispered to herself shortly after entering the tunnel. Her eyes were locked on the ground. I followed her gaze.    These seemed to be the footprints of some type of large carnivore. Come to think of it, I think I had seen similar footprints somewhere. They reminded me of… of the footprints from that giant Chimera that had appeared during the last wave. You okay? These make me nervous, I’m not sure if we should continue or not. We have to. We don’t have a choice. If the Shield Hero says so, then it must be the truth. Let’s press on. … %char2% was sniffing at the tracks. And then… Ew! She was drooling! Let’s go, %char2%! Okay! %char2% nodded at %char1%’s shout, and we set off. I walked in the front, followed by %char1%, the witch, and finally %char2%. It felt like a real adventure. I felt my heart leap, just once, at the excitement of the scene. Mr. %Name%, I have only been using you. Give me money. I heard %char1%’s voice echoing off the walls. I pretended to become a slave again to gain your trust, but it was all an act. I could stab you right now, from behind. I’ve wanted to kill you with my own hands. I turned around to find %char1% wincing. %char2% was shouting, No, Master! Don’t leave me! What was going on? The monsters here are saying things to upset us and get us off our guard. Don’t let them fool you. What kind of a monster is that?! I think I’d seen a monster like that once, in a game somewhere. There was a cave with an item in it that was supposed to restore trust to a party whose leader had lost faith in his compatriots. But there was a trap set, a trap to cause vicious infighting. So that voice just now, it couldn’t have been %char1%.    Good. Had that been what %char1% had really been thinking, I would have been gutted. Master! You need me right? You need %char2%? I guess. Yay! I believe you. Mr. %Name%, those words just now were not spoken by me. Let’s press onward. We eventually came upon a monster that looked something like a bat, it was called a Voice Gengar, and it had been making those voices. We fought it, and the witch supported us with magic, so it was an easy win. %char2% ran up a wall and flipped off it, swinging her leg into a powerful kick that brought the bat down. She could really fight. I let the shield absorb the Voice Gengar. Voice Gengar (bat form) Shield: conditions met Voice Gengar (bat form) Shield: ability locked: sound wave endurance (small) Special Effect: Megaphone Special effect Megaphone? I guess I could tell what that was. The shield itself wasn’t all that great, though I suppose the monster also wasn’t that strong, so I shouldn’t have expected much. And yet… why did it specify bat form? It made me wary, and so I strained my ears against the silence of the tunnel. I could hear voices in the distance. We had no choice but to keep going. The tunnel had gotten very dark, so I was holding a torch in one hand. Then, suddenly, I couldn’t see anything. Mr. %Name%! Prepare yourself! Simultaneously, with the shout, I felt a sudden pain. %char1%?! Mr. %Name%! Are you all right?! Please die! No! No! Calm down, this is the work of the enemy! They’ve used magic to darken this passage!    Damn! That was one killer attack they had. I honestly felt like I’d been stabbed by %char1%. And it actually hurt. Was the attack strong enough to overcome my defense rating? Had it been %char1%… she was probably strong enough to hurt me. But the wound felt more like a scratch… Master! Feed me! I heard %char2% shouting. Come on now—I was worrying about the scratch I’d gotten, and now %char2% was calling out? It was very suspicious. Wasn’t there anything we could do? Witch, is there anything you can do? I’m starting a spell right now. Just a moment. I didn’t even know if I was speaking to the real witch. What if I believed her, but it was actually the monster talking? This was some cave… That’s it! I could use the shield I’d just got. I switched to the Voice Gengar (bat form) Shield, and used the special effect Megaphone. Hey! My voice boomed and echoed down the call, and I heard some strange rustling in response. You scared me! Me too, chirped %char2%. I am the source of all power, hear me and understand my reasons. Restore our vision. Fast Anti-Bind! In an instant, the dark hallway became suddenly bright enough to see. I looked at my feet to see a great number of small, rat-like monsters scurrying around my feet. Then I looked over at %char1% and the others, only to find them beaten up pretty badly. They must have been attacked in the dark. Of course they’d be beat up. I took some healing medicine from my bag and handed it to %char1%. Witch, do you know any sort of restorative, healing magic? Unfortunately not. I’m not suited for restorative magic. Oh… This wasn’t looking good. They had taken some real damage.    Oh hey, that reminds me. I absorbed the monster we’d just defeated, and I unlocked the Voice Gengar (rat form) Shield. Its special effect was the same as the last one, but its equip bonus was Blinding Endurance (small). Just to be safe, I switched to my Alert Shield. With it equipped, we would be alerted if a monster came within twenty meters of us. I’d wondered how useful a distance like that would be out on the fields, but I now realized that it was a pretty useful distance—if you were indoors, or in a dungeon. We stumbled on through the tunnel for a while before eventually coming upon a vein of ore that glowed dimly in the shadowy hall. Kyukiiii! A strange voice suddenly filled the air. It was the monster that owned those footprints back at the entrance, and now it was there, guarding the vein of ore. It was called a Nue. It was so similar to the Chimera. Nues were like Chimeras in Japanese mythological settings, and they were a type of legendary mythical creature. It was a monkey’s head on a tanuki’s body, with a tiger’s legs and a snake for a tail. Come to think of it, it looked a lot like the monster %char1% and I ran into when we were hunting for the light metal ore, and just like the monster we saw during the wave. I’m sure it was just a coincidence, but still—it was creeping me out. During the wave, it had taken the strength of the other three Heroes, plus the support of their parties, to take down that Chimera. Could we take this one here? Just us? The witch was watching the beast closely. She whispered, What is a beast from the east doing here? I guess she meant that the beast was out of its natural habitat. We could have retreated… That wasn’t a bad idea at all. I slowly turned my eyes to %char1% and the others to signal them to… but it was too late. I’m going! Okay! Dammit! Don’t just rush in!    But %char1% had already run into battle. This was becoming a problem. I wanted to keep her from getting hurt, but this girl… I’ll support you from behind. The witch tilted her staff towards the battle and began to chant. I ran after %char1% and %char2%. Take that! Hiyaaa! Kyukiiii! %char1% was madly swinging her sword, catching the Nue on its torso. %char2% began to kick at the beast’s face. But they weren’t getting in anything to approximate a finishing blow. The Nue seemed to be covered in little scratches, but was unfazed. It turned its tiger claws towards %char1% and %char2%. I wouldn’t let it hurt them that easily! I was quicker. And in a flash I was there covering them with my shield. Think for one second before you go rushing in! We could have escaped before the beast had even noticed us. But they ruined our chances of escape… I’m sorry. But now we have to take this thing down! I’m hungry… We aren’t very strong yet! If you don’t think about what fights we can actually win, we’re going to end up dead! Damn… The Nue’s claws clipped my shoulder, and I was bleeding. It really hurt. Now I was pissed. What?! The Nue’s body was suddenly glowing. Back off! Hurry! Okay! Master?! I can’t back out! The Nue’s body was now covered in crackling blots of electricity, and it was pressing up against me. This must have been its special attack. Could I bear it? I honestly didn’t know. But the Nue wasn’t going to let me go. No!    %char2% kicked the Nue square in the face, and the beast fell back enough for me to jump away. %char2%’s kicks were impressively strong. Kyukiiiiiii! The crackling tongues of electricity all began to gather together on the chest of the Nue. I was glad that I hadn’t been forced to take the brunt of the attack. It seemed like the Nue would be momentarily paralyzed after it lost the attack. I am the source of all power. Hear my words and understand them. Burn him! Zweit Fire Place! The witch unleashed a blast of fire that covered the Nue. Kyukiiiii! Did we win?! I was hoping it would fall, but the Nue only paused its attack before starting back up again. Ugh… It looked like the thing could run fast, if it wanted. Master. What?! Can I make a big noise too? Like you just did? Sure. The Voice Gengar Shield had some type of device on the backside of it that would listen to the voice of the user and amplify it. Okay, Master! Stop the movement of the monster, like we just did, and then let me make a big noise! What’s the point of that?! The monster is very sensitive to sound. Did she know that because of some kind of mutual monster analysis? I could trust her. In monster hunting games, there were monsters that would show their weak point at a loud sound. It might be a good idea after all, to get in a killing blow… Witch, you keep up the support magic, and %char1%, you protect her and watch out for the party. But Mr. %Name%! I don’t have the time to protect both of you! Please, just listen to me!    All right. The Nue was rushing at us. I threw my arms open and stopped its advancement. Dammit! That little monkey-head still had sharp teeth. It was biting me, and it really hurt! Kyukiii! I took my shield arm, my right arm, and moved it to block the head. My left arm was getting shredded by the tiger claws. This was driving me crazy. I was covered in scratches. If I were fighting this thing back in Japan, I’d have been mincemeat long ago. Thank goodness for the Legendary Shield. It was going to drop my defense rating, so I didn’t want to do it, but I went ahead and changed to the Voice Gengar Shield. Go! I shouted the sign, and %char2% began to inhale a huge amount of air. Waaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! Crap! My eardrums were about to break! That’s how loud %char2%’s call was, and that was from this side of the megaphone. I heard the sound of heavy stumbling in the distance. Kyuki? Two powerful streams of blood shot from the Nue’s ears, and the beast fell over. Now’s our shot! %char1%! %char2%! Witch! Now’s our chance! Give it all you’ve got! Yes! Okay! %char1% rushed forward and stabbed at the Nue’s chest. And %char2%… %char2% started gathering her strength, slowly crouching down to the earth. From under her body, her feet were scratching, scratching, and making a terrifying sound.     I am the source of all power! Hear my words and understand them! Burn them! Zweit Fire Blast! Fire balls flew through the air and collided with the fallen Nue. And that was when it happened. Hiyaah! Ba-Boom! The sound actually exploded and echoed when %char2%’s charged kick slammed into the Nue. There was so much power in it that the Nue’s head exploded into little chunks and the body itself flew back and slammed into the wall. Ew… It was like a gory splatter movie. We did it! %char2% threw both her wings in the air to celebrate our victory, but I personally didn’t feel much like celebrating. I was exhausted, and in pain. If %char1% and %char2% had been a little more careful, we wouldn’t have had to fight the thing in the first place, but then…there was no point in complaining. Well we’ve won. It seems to have been a child Nue. I think there might have been a rich family somewhere that kept it as a pet, but it escaped and became wild again. If there were people that would keep something like that as a pet, then this world was worse off than I had imagined. And did she call this thing a child? I suppose it was a little small… Feed me! %char2% stood over the Nue and made to start eating it. Was she just going to start snapping at the dead thing?! Stop that! But… I could unlock new shields with that thing. I couldn’t let her just eat it. I butchered the Nue and absorbed the various parts, unlocking some excellent shields in the process. But as for status boosts… the Chimera had been better. Okay, let’s rest up for a minute and then get that ore. There was a vein of glowing ore right there, and it would be easy enough to pry some out with a pickax.    Good idea. Let’s take as much as we can carry. So we took a break and then set to work prying out ore. Once we had it we set off. Oh, of course I also let the shield absorb a little ore too. But I hadn’t filled in the tree enough to unlock anything. And I didn’t know what else I needed. We made our way back to Castle Town, and on the advice of the witch decided to stop by the apothecary to get some treatment. Luckily the apothecary knew a place that could treat us, and luckily enough it was cheap to get some restorative magic spells cast on us. Apparently I could use restorative magic too, so I wanted to hurry up and learn some. That was the rest of our day. The next day we processed the ore we’d gotten into a proper jewel, which the witch installed on the top of the magical spindle. Just like she’d done the day before, %char2% slowly and begrudgingly turned the handle. It’s boring… Just do it. If you finish, then I promise to uphold my end of the bargain. Honestly, yesterday had been exhausting, and I wanted to relax that day. You mean food? Is it gonna be yummy? Yeah. I kept my word. And I had promised to feed her something delicious, so I would. Okay then, I’ll do my best! She went on turning the squeaky wheel. Oh good! She’s doing such a good job! Weapon guy. I made a promise to you too. Do you have any time after this? I put up a sign saying I’d be closed until afternoon, so I have that much time. You gonna get me something good? Something like that. You think you could get me a big sheet of iron? Huh? What do you need something like that for? To cook something.    Little-Hero’s gonna cook for us? I don’t know if I should look forward to that or not. Oh, come on. He looked disappointed—which annoyed me. Show some gratitude. Okay, %char1%. Head to the market and get me charcoal, some veggies, and meat. We want enough for five people, but make sure you consider %char2%’s appetite. All right. I gave her some silver, and she left. Yummy food, yummy fooooood! %char2% was excited now and started turning the spindle wheel faster than before. That went on for a little while, and then the witch finally asked her to stop. That should be enough for now. You can stop. If I keep turning it, will I get more yummy food? No. Stop turning it. Okaaaaay. %char2% came over to my side, in her giant-bird form. Master… yummy food. Not yet, we don’t have your clothes yet. But… %char2% looked very disappointed. But %char1% wasn’t even back yet, so I couldn’t have fed her had I wanted to. I didn’t have the things I needed. She was so innocent and free… really just like a kid. When we leave the magic shop, you need to transform into a human. Okay. Did she really understand? I wasn’t sure. Is this what it felt like to have kids? Nah… I just needed to weave this into cloth, then make the clothes. The witch held out the thread for me to see. I know someone that can take care of turning this into cloth for us. He’s got an idea, so we’re heading out. All right then, what should I tell the young lady when she returns from shopping? Just tell her to wait for us at the giant gate where you exit the town.    Okay. The weapon shop owner led the way out, and I followed him. I’ll accept payment later on, from the weapon shop! And how much will that be? I really wanted to know, that’s why I asked. For the magic thread? Well the crystals cost quite a lot, but you helped me out, and provided me with the materials, so this time let’s just call it fair at that. Thanks. She probably knew that I couldn’t afford it if she had she asked for 50 pieces silver or something. So the weapon shop owner and I went to visit a friend of his who said he could turn the thread into cloth for us. This is a very rare material indeed. Yes, this might take some thought. But I can probably have it ready for you by this evening. You should take the day and visit a tailor to get measured. I’ll bring you the cloth once I have it. So we went to the tailor. I couldn’t believe how much time and energy we were spending on getting a set of clothes. Ooh! What a cute little girl. The tailor shop was run by a young woman who was wrapped in a scarf and constantly fingered her glasses. She was leaning on the counter. She seemed kind of plain. I don’t know how to describe her. If this were my world, I’d say she looked like the kind of girl who wrote doujinshi or something—kind of quiet and geeky. She’s got little wings too, just like an angel. I’ve heard there are winged demi-humans too, but they don’t look so perfect. You think? I asked the weapon shop owner what he thought, but he just shrugged. Yeah, the winged demi-humans also have other bird-like parts, like their arms and legs. But this girl is just a normal human girl, expect for those little wings. Huh? %char2% looked up, inquisitively, at the tailor.    Oh, yeah, she’s actually a monster. She’s just transformed into a human right now. When she turns back into a monster, her clothes rip, you see? Ahhh…. so you’ve come to get some magical clothing made, is that right? Her glasses flashed. I was sure of it now. Had this been my world, this girl would have been a total Otaku. I knew someone like her back home, who sold her own doujinshi at conventions. She’d lent me some of her participation passes from time to time, and that was how I got to go to some of these conventions and see what they were like. She had been a pretty nice girl. She is very pretty, so I think a simple one-piece would work well. If we just add some simple accents that can survive the transformation, that should be enough! She unraveled a spiral of measuring tape and set to measuring %char2%, who stood there wrapped in my cape. I’d love to see her transform! Huh? %char2% shot me a searching glance. I couldn’t think of a way out of it. I’m not sure that this room is large enough. The ceiling only looked to be about two meters high, in which case %char2% would slam her head against it in her %char2%lial form. Can I do it while I’m sitting? I guess so. She sat down and, her eyes on the ceiling, transformed into her original form. The tailor was impressed. She’s so different! That’s even better. If this girl wasn’t shocked by seeing %char2% transform, then I felt like she knew what she was doing. We could trust her. The tailor measured around %char2%’s neck and started jotting notes about the design. Okay, we’re all set! I’ll just wait for the fabric to show up! This one knows what she’s doing. Apparently.    She was the kind of person that couldn’t stop once the flame was lit. She’d have to focus on the project until it was done. I think I can have it done by tomorrow. That’s fast. But how much will it cost, all together? Give me the total please. Well, if you are supplying the materials, then… probably 40 pieces of silver. %char2%, are you hearing this? That’s 340 pieces of silver I’ve spent on you now. I’m sure you’ll do all you can to help make that money back. Okay! Did she really get it? %char2% transformed back into a human, and we left the tailor. We had finished all of our important errands, so we went to the large gate to meet up with %char1%. Mr. %Name%, I’ve bought all the things you requested. %char2% cost me 340 pieces of silver so far. %char1% was way cheaper. I wish you wouldn’t speak of me as ‘cheap.’ Sigh… well, there was nothing left to do but to get down to it. Old Dude, go get me that sheet metal. %char2%, you go with him and help carry the materials back here. Okay! Sure. %char2% set off after the old guy, and they returned quickly, carrying all the luggage. Why did she transform into a human to lug that luggage around? Just as I’d hoped, there was a large metal sheet included in the luggage. All right! Let’s get out of town and head to the riverside. We walked through the fields until we came to the riverbank. I set to work arranging stones to hold the sheet of metal. Then I built a fire underneath it. %char1%, Old Dude, you two watch the fire for me, okay? Um… sure. Okay. Whatever he said, the guy made weapons. He should know how to watch a fire.    What about me? asked %char2%. You watch to make sure that we don’t get attacked by balloons. If I’d let %char2% help with the fire or cooking, her curiosity would get the better of her, and I’d have a nightmare on my hands. It was much better to give her something else to do. I started chopping the veggies and meat that %char1% had purchased. Then I skewered them on metal prongs. Hero-Boy, the fire is looking pretty good. Great. Like he said, the metal looked good and hot, so I threw a fatty piece of meat on it to get it good and oiled up. I threw meat and vegetables on the sheet. Then I stuck the skewers around the sheet where they were warmed directly by the flames. You’re quite the cook! I used the knife and a stick I’d found to flip the meat and vegetables to keep them from burning. That should be good enough. That’s right, a riverside BBQ. Seemed like a good treat for %char2%, if you asked me. It’s ready, %char2%. Yay! %char2% was already drooling from the smell, but she waited until I handed her a fork before she lunged at the meat. Yummy! It’s so yummy! She kept going, eating more and more. Hey now, this is for everyone. Don’t eat it all yourself! Fine… Her cheeks were stuffed with food when she nodded. Did she really understand? Just like that. %char1%, Old Guy, dig in! All right. Thanks. They held out their plates, and I piled meat and veggies up for them. Woah, this is damn good! Who knew that just cooking meat would make it so good. Yes, Mr. %Name%’s food is often strange, but delicious.    I’ll take that as a compliment. The old guy turned his head in thought. I wonder if it’s because of my cooking skill? You mean from the Shield? That’s what I was thinking. What a mysterious and powerful Shield. I’m jealous. I can’t take it off. It’s actually pretty inconvenient. And I couldn’t attack at all… You must be a lot stronger than you used to be. I wonder. We were supposed to travel the world, let the Legendary Weapons absorb different monsters and materials, and get stronger. To be honest, I still had no idea how much there was out there to see. I didn’t know how much the shield had to grow to be complete. But even if I ignored it and just lounged around, the next wave was still coming. I didn’t even know how many times the waves were going to come. There had already been two. Would they end after the fifth, the tenth… the hundredth? Whatever the answer, I had to do what I could. That reminds me. I’ve been wondering about this Curse Series Shield. When they were about to take %char1% from me, the shield was absorbed by something and the Curse Series Shield was unlocked. I looked for it on my skill tree, but hadn’t been able to find it. I opened the help screen. Curse Series: should not be touched That’s all there was written at first. But after I looked around a few times, the words vibrated as if shocked, and changed. Curse Series: delivers extraordinary power and grief to its holder: should not be touched I was still unable to find the shield, so I decide to ignore it for the time being.    It must have been the type of weapon that only appeared as an option when you really needed it. It was some kind of conditional shield. Master! We ran out of meat. What?! Sure enough, there was no more meat. The skewers had all been picked clean too. Now there were only veggies left. Is that it? But I’m still hungry, cried %char2%. Sigh… then run into the woods and catch me five Usapils. I’ll cook them up for you. Okay! %char2% ran, full speed, into the woods. That was damn good. Mighty fine meal. If you think so, subtract the cost of that cloth from the bill. If I did that, I’d be in the hole, Hero-Boy. So we spent the rest of the day there, cooking veggies and meats by the riverside. The sun started to set. And %char2% had managed to catch ten Usapils. I, actually, wasn’t able to eat very much at all. I spent all my time butchering Usapils and cooking for everyone else.       The next morning we went to the tailor, and that Otaku girl was waiting for us at the door, a wide smile on her face. It took me all night, but I finished! I think you’re going to like it. She’d stayed up all night, but she was still chipper—practically bouncing off the walls. She ran back behind the counter and returned with %char2%’s new clothes in hand. It was basically a white one-piece dress, but there was a large blue ribbon in the center. It was fringed here and there with blue ribbon for contrast. You could tell with one glance that it was well-made, and made full advantage of the materials. It had a simple is best esthetic, the sort of clothing that chooses its wearer. Master! Am I supposed to wear this? Yeah. Yay! She threw off the cape and stood there completely naked. Stop that. But… %char1% stopped her, and led her into the back of the shop. Okay, so try transforming into your monster form. I could hear the tailor’s voice echoing in the back room. Why? If you don’t the ribbon will dig into you. Oh no! That was an odd threat to make. Okay! I heard a loud thump as she transformed, and then… Yup… I knew it would look good. She sounded rather self-satisfied. Okay, let’s get going! Yay!    All the girls came out from the back room together, and I got my first look at %char2%. She was already a cute girl, so with the clothes she really did look like an angel. She was in a white one-piece dress, with her white wings, and a large blue ribbon on her chest as an accent. She was like a little 2D child angel heroine! Master! Huh? How do I look? It suits you well. This Otaku girl really knew what she was doing. Who else could have come up with a design that worked so well with %char2%’s appearance and specs.     Ehehe. %char2% looked a little embarrassed, but she played with the fringe on the skirt and spun in a little circle. We left the tailor shop, and decided to head back to Riyute. To do so, we had to get %char2% to pull our carriage. When %char2% transformed into a %char2%lial, the clothes would disappear, but the ribbon would remain as a collar around her neck. The clothes were expensive, but there had clearly been a lot of thought put into them. Oh, Shield Hero! We were leaving Castle Town when we happened to come across the witch from the magic shop. Are you on your way to Riyute? Yeah. I’m on my way there also. Could I trouble you for a ride? She was smiling. We were going there anyway, and she had gone out of her way to help us, so it didn’t seem right to turn her down. I can’t guarantee a smooth ride, but you’re welcome to come with us. I did ride in it two days ago. Oh yeah, that’s right. %char1% had learned to fight her motion sickness by watching the horizon. Thank you, Hero. The witch climbed up into the carriage. All right, %char2%! Let’s go, but take it slow. Okay! All the pedestrians stopped to stare at %char2% as we passed. They probably weren’t used to seeing talking monsters. We proceeded down the street slowly, to the tapping of %char2%’s feet. It felt like the last few days had been so busy. I mean, it always felt like the days were busy, but these last days had felt even more so. And to think, it was all %char2%’s fault.    As for the witch… Well, I wanted to learn magic, but if I had asked right then, I couldn’t be sure how she would respond. And I felt guilty for not studying as much as I should have. The witch had given us those books, so I wanted to repay her kindness by studying from them. Yes, I’d have to devote more time to it. I didn’t know all the ins and outs of this world like the other heroes did. So I had to be learning new things all the time. Even still, I needed to give special priority to learning the writing system, and to understanding the recipes I’d gotten. If I didn’t, it would be a waste. Huh… it’s so light. %char2% was yawning as she walked, and now she started to mutter to herself. There were three people in the carriage, and she was complaining that it was too light? This was good. I already had an idea what I wanted to try… and I’d need %char2% to do it. When we arrived at Riyute, the witch gave me 25 pieces of silver. What’s this for? For the ride. Oh… Thanks. Maybe we could make money off this too? Riyute was still invested in rebuilding. I checked in at the inn, and the innkeeper gave us a friendly greeting. Okay, let’s get started on %char1%’s motion sickness training. Also known as: lumber transport duty. We’d agreed to help carry lumber in exchange for meat. Huh?! %char1% looked upset. Then again, she was going to have to fight motion sickness all day. We’re going to be carried around by %char2% from now on, so you better get used to it. Pfft. Fine. Okay! %char2%, you’re going to do the pulling. Okay!    Apparently %char2%lials really did enjoy pulling carriages. Her eyes were shining she was so excited. Um… did you have some kind of plan? Yes, I was thinking of becoming a traveling merchant. The local governor suggested it to me. A traveling merchant? Yeah. We don’t have all that many products, but I would focus on medicine and transport. We could cover a good range. Hm… %char1% didn’t seem very interested. To be fair, it wasn’t like I had confidence that we would succeed. But we were about to start traveling anyway, so it seemed like a natural idea. Which means, if we started transporting things, that %char2% will need to run at pretty much full speed. I can’t have you getting sick on me all the time. I understand that, but… Oh c’mon. I know a good, smooth place that should be pretty easy to start with. You can get used to it there. You know a place like that? Sure. And so, at the start of the day’s work, I put %char1% somewhere she wouldn’t get sick… on %char2%’s back. Master, you can ride there anytime you want… but why do I have to give her a ride? %char2% grumbled to herself as %char1% climbed up on her back. I feel the same way. This is so embarrassing. When %char2% was in her %char2%lial Queen form, she was like a giant owl, which made sitting on her back look a little ridiculous. You comfy? Yup, feels good! Maybe because this was her real form, %char2% seemed perfectly content. Okay then, let’s go! Yay! I’ll help you so much! I’ll be just as useful as %char1%! It’s not a competition! But I won’t lose!    %char2%, with %char1% on her back, started to pull the carriage. With the weight of the carriage and us passengers, it must have been pretty heavy, but not heavy enough for %char2%, apparently. What did they have to fight about? I spent the time on the road with my book open, studying the writing system and trying to translate the intermediate recipe book. …Tap, tap. ……Tap, tap. The rhythmic sound of %char2%’s footsteps was excellent music for absorbing myself in the erudite and obtuse world of foreign character sets and language. But then I heard them… Why? Why in that form? Huh? Because I want my master to be pleased! ………Tap, tap. He’ll just be mad. You better stop. But Master… Master likes people like you, doesn’t he? Huh? I looked up to see %char2% transformed back in to a human, with %char1% still on her back. %char1% looked very uncomfortable, and she was talking to %char2%, trying to get her to change back. Some adventurers passed us on the street, and they pointed in our direction and started whispering among themselves. Stop acting like that! People are going to start gossiping! I could hear the rumors now. I bought a slave and put her on the back of another little girl, and forced them to pull my luggage carriage down the street. That wouldn’t reflect well on me at all. Really? What’s wrong? Don’t pull the carriage as a human. Fiiine. She gave a disappointed nod and turned back into a monster. It must have been boring for her or something. %char1% wasn’t sick yet, so that was good. It was time to pick up the pace a little. Okay, %char2%! Let’s speed up. Yay! %char1% let out a yelp then hunkered down and grabbed tight to %char1%’s feathers. That should get us where we were going faster.    We spent the next few hours working on %char1%’s motion sickness prevention practice.       A few days passed, and the local governor gave us a new carriage as a present. The whole village gathered to be there when we received it, and there was a party at which everyone cheered for us. If you wanted to move a %char2%lial, you needed a carriage… or something like that. Thank you. You’ve done so much to help us. We’re just sorry that we can’t do more for you. The villagers were all smiling as they helped me load up the carriage. I couldn’t let them spoil me, even if they wanted to. Still, I needed to honestly express my gratitude. Thank you for saying that. You’ll be trying your hand at being a traveling merchant? Yeah. I didn’t know whether or not I would be successful with it or not. But I was lucky enough to have %char2% with us, so it seemed stupid not to put her to work. Huh? A carriage! %char2% had been running around and playing as a human and was surprised to see the new carriage. Am I going to pull this? Her eyes were flashing with joy. That’s right. You’re going to pull this thing, and we’re going to travel all over the country. Really?! She squealed in excitement. Didn’t she realize she’d have to lug a heavy carriage around? I don’t see what was so exciting about that… So we are really going to do it? %char1% muttered, sounding depressed at the prospect. She hadn’t quite gotten control over her queasy stomach, so the idea of traveling by carriage was not terribly appealing.    It might be tough at first, but you’ll get used to it. Okay. I looked over at %char2% and looked her over carefully. %char2%, what’s your job? Let’s see… I’m supposed to pull the carriage and go where you tell me to go, Master. Right And if we meet that Spear guy, I’m supposed to kick him. Exactly. That last part’s not true! %char1% had her arms crossed, like she was going to right all the wrongs in the world. What? Why are you looking at me like I’m weird? If we see %char6%, %char2% would kick him. What was weird about that? Oh well, I couldn’t entertain every one of her complaints. All right! This is the official start of our traveling merchant life. I’ll hide in the carriage. %char1%, when we get to a new town, you start selling our wares from the front. Oh, all right… My poor reputation was still alive and well out in the world beyond Riyute. If I were in charge of the sales, we’d never sell anything—who would want to negotiate with a criminal? It only made sense to put %char1% in charge. %char1% was pretty, and she had the personality for it. She wouldn’t be shy. Shall we be on our way? Oh, Hero. Huh? What is it? Please, take this… The governor handed me a piece of parchment. What’s this? The commercial bill of passage that we discussed earlier. Oh yeah… With the bill of passage in hand, I’d be able to sell my things in different towns without having to pay the local governors any tariffs. It would make my life much easier. Now, whether or not these local governors    should really be charging the heroes to pass through their towns… that’s another story altogether. I mean, %char6% clearly thought that way. Travel safely. Thanks. We’ll be on our way now. I hope we can help you out more in the future. You’ve done so much for us. Just don’t push yourselves too hard. Okay! And so we left Riyute behind and started our new lives as traveling merchants. The first thing we tried was selling various medicines. We didn’t have a huge selection prepared, so we set our prices lower than the typical market price. We started with healing medicine and nutritional drinks. They were both better than just your average medicines and drinks, and so I set the price a little higher than our other products. Then we would stock up on herbs and supplies and leave for the next village—I’d use our time on the road to compound new medicines. %char2% was really fast, so we almost made it to the next town in a single the day, though there were times that we had to stay camped in the wilderness. On nights like that we would stop the carriage, build a fire, and have dinner under the stars. Master! There’s room next to me! Come sleep with me! We’d finished eating, and %char2% transformed back into her monster form and was tapping the spot on the ground next to her. It’s too hot sleeping next to you… %char2% still wanted to sleep with me every night. I’d ordered her not to turn into a monster when we were at an inn, so she took the opportunity whenever we camped out. Granted, we were alone out there, so there was no one she could inconvenience… %char2%, you sure do like Mr. %Name%, don’t you? Yeah! I like him even more than you do, Big-Sister! Don’t call me that!    Her problem was with big-sister? Then what should I call you? Hm… how about Mommy? I was there when you hatched from your egg, and I’ve known you the whole time! Seems fitting, doesn’t it? I dunno… Big-Sister! They kept fighting amongst themselves, like they couldn’t decide whether they were friends or enemies. %char2% was just like a little kid, so she couldn’t help but get too serious about things. Actually, I guess she really was a little kid. And she acted like one. Okay, okay, both of you should get to bed. When my shift is up, I’m going to wake you! Stop treating me like a little kid! Yes! Mr. %Name%, you treat me like a child! Oh, whoops! I keep forgetting how grown up the both of you are! You don’t mean it! Yeah, Master! You liar! But they really were like children. And I’d decided to be a parent to them both. I want to help you keep watch, Master! %char2% picked up some rocks and started rubbing them together over random grasses in a loose approximation of my mortar and pestle. Ew! It smells funny! Yeah, it does. If you could make medicine from random grasses, it wouldn’t be so hard, would it? Why isn’t it working? You can learn some things just by watching, but others take a little more practice. Is that why you can’t pull a carriage? Why do I have to pull a carriage? Why are you and I different? What’s wrong with being different? Just like a kid… she’d attack anything she could think of. If we just kept going back and forth with questions, then eventually she’d get confused and have to give up.    Argh… Master is so… so stupid! Who are you calling stupid! We kept at it for a while, and I was able to get some work done too.       Huh? We were on our way to the next village and had been traveling for about an hour, which I’d spent working in the back, when I noticed a strange sound. Coming from the other side of the carriage wall came the sound of a man desperately out of breath. I poked my head out to see a flustered man running beside us, a bag in his outstretched hand. What are you in such a rush for? I figured that showing curiosity in times like this could easily lead to a sale. We slowed the carriage down so that I could hear what the man had to say. I have to get to the village across the mountains… You’re running to the village over the mountains? Apparently his parents were sick and he was running to get medicine for them. %char2% had just overtaken him on the road. Yes, and without a minute to spare! %char2%, if you ran as fast as you could, how long would it take to get there? Lemme think… Well, I could go faster if I didn’t have to pull the carriage… Fine. I looked over to %char1%, and she nodded immediately, already understanding what I meant to say. We’ll take you there for a silver piece. What? The man was shocked. But I was just going to buy medicine… See, I don’t have enough money… You can just give us something worth a silver piece. Or just bring us medicinal herbs the next time you see us. Of course, if you don’t keep your promise…    Oh, well, if that’s okay then… Great! That settles it! %char2%? Okay! I moved over onto %char2%’s back, and pulled the man up to sit with me. Woah! The man was surprised, but %char2% covered him with her wings and took off at full speed. %char1% was waving to us from the carriage. Here we go! Oh! %char2% might have been shaped like an owl now, but it had done nothing to slow her speed. Before we knew it, we had already arrived at the man’s house. That was so fast! You better hurry up and get them their medicine. Careful now! Okay! The man went into the house, and I followed him inside. We hadn’t finished discussing my payment. It was an average farmer’s house. I could hear violent coughing coming from somewhere inside. Ma… It’s medicine, you gotta drink it. I followed the sound of the voices, and came across the young man giving medicine to two older people, both with pale faces. I didn’t know what kind of medicine it was, but it seemed to be more effective than the medicines I was accustomed to. Hey. I’ll take care of administering the medicine. Why don’t you go boil some water and make them something good? Are you sure? Yeah, I’m just waiting to see what happens. I took the medicine from the man, and, supporting the weight of the old woman, gently gave her some medicine. I hoped that the medicine efficacy skill booster I’d learned before would work. Cough… Cough… The old woman took the medicine and managed to swallow some of it.    The woman was suddenly enveloped in a shower of glowing light. Apparently that signified that the medicine had been effective. She even looked healthier. Some color had returned to her pale face, and she seemed to be coughing less than she had been. Just try and relax. Your family will be back with food soon. She managed a weak smile and then lay back down. Now then… I left the room and went into the kitchen. Did they take the medicine? Yes, and it seems to have worked. He sighed deeply, as though a great weight had been removed from his shoulders. I’ll be back later, so make sure you have my money. Okay. I left the house, found %char2%, and quickly road back to where we had left the carriage. When we arrived back at the village the man was there waiting for us, looking tense. Um… What is it? We talked as we unloaded the luggage from the carriage. My mother seems to be doing much better…but just who are you? You don’t need to know. If he knew my name, he’d instantly associate me with the bad rumors that have been going around. And he would start to doubt me. Please just tell me your name. I’m not obligated to. The medicine worked, right? So bring me a piece of silver, or something worth that much. All right! He ran back to the house, flipped through some materials, and then came back out with some food. So that’s it, huh? Fine, well, keep an eye out for us, okay? Yes! Thank you very much! The man looked very happy. I suppose it’s a bit of a digression, but some time later on we actually did come back to this village. The old lady was very energetic, almost too    much so. I went back to my studies in the back of the carriage. I was trying to read the intermediate medicine recipe book. The recipe book seemed easier to understand than the magic book, so I was starting with that one. But after I dedicated a bunch of time to translating a recipe, I found out that it was a medicine I already knew… I was disappointed. Come to think of it, I had been pretty neglectful of my studies up until now. I’d been so busy for the last month that I hadn’t had time to think about it, but if I ever made it out of here alive, I’d have to say something to my brother, who had worn himself out studying too hard. Mr. %Name%, I think we are pretty much done here for today. We’d arrived just past noon, and now evening was approaching. Are there any parcels or letters that we could take to the next village? I’ve already collected them. I climbed out of the carriage and helped load up the luggage. Granted, there were only certain kinds of people that would give their luggage to a traveling merchant they’d never met. It was mostly cheap things that people wouldn’t be too upset to lose. Even still, we were able to make some good change. We travelled this way for a while, moving from village to village and town to town. Whenever someone wanted restorative medicine, I would give it to them myself, and that way they could take advantage of my medicine efficacy skill. After we’d been at it for two weeks or so, we began to get a bit of a reputation as the merchants with the weird bird that sold everything. When we had made a good name for ourselves, people became much more trusting, and more and more pedestrians came to ask us for rides. So before long our profits started to rise. There were some really good things about the traveling merchant’s lifestyle. The first was that I could sell the medicine that I made while we were on the road. The second was that I was able to absorb any monsters that we came across on our travels. Of course, all I really ever got out of it was typical status boosts.    One other thing I learned after we started traveling was that monsters were very different depending on the locale. Considering that I could grow stronger by absorbing a variety of different monsters, starting this traveling gig was turning out to be a really good arrangement. The other good thing was that I was now in a position to hear all sorts of gossip. I’d had no idea for the longest time, but now I was able to make a good guess where the other heroes, %char6%, Ren, and %char5%, had based themselves. %char6% seemed to be out to the southwest of the castle, where he had apparently saved a starving village by breaking the seal on some kind of legendary crop. He must have known to go there since he knew everything about the place already. It actually reminded me a lot of the place we’d been to, where we fought the Nue. Ren had gone to the southeast of the castle, but apparently he would go anywhere that was inhabited by tough monsters. I’d heard various tales of his exploits—like that he’d defeated a violent dragon somewhere out to the East. As for %char5%… I wasn’t sure what he wanted to do, but he had gone with some adventurers that had visited the kingdom seeking help. He went with them to a country in the North, where the government was corrupt. He fought with the resistance to overthrow an evil lord. Having said that, %char5%’s story was missing the most details, so I couldn’t really be sure of anything. I’d only heard vague references to him as that adventurer with the strong bow and so on. All of this sounded a lot like something I’d read before coming to this world, something I’d read in the The Records of the Four Holy Weapons. Anyway, so that’s what our travels were like. At the end of the two weeks, our stats were looking like this: %Name%: LV 34 %char1%: LV 37 %char2%: LV 32 I guess it was because she was a monster, but %char2% was certainly leveling up quickly.    %char2% was now much stronger, physically, than she had been. While she used to use both hands (wings?) to pull the carriage, she now only used one, and yawned the whole time. Naturally, I tried to get her to try harder, but she only protested. But it’s so light that I lose my motivation! Whatever. Afterwards, all the shields that I got while traveling only unlocked status boosters. If there were any interesting shields… well, there was this one: Crystal Ore Shield: ability unlocked: equip bonus: fine crafting 1 We’d come into a booming mining town, and there was a poor-quality crystal lying there. I let the shield absorb it, and that was what I got. It seemed like a skill that could lead to some serious money making possibilities, but I didn’t have enough information to go trying it out just yet. I tried polishing the crystal ore, but it just broke and crumbled, so it must need to be combined with something else in a recipe. Either that, or I was just doing it wrong. Regardless, I still needed to translate that book the apothecary had given me. Sure, if I’d spent two weeks on it, it should have been simple enough to read. And I’d had the thing for close to three weeks now, so I should have been able to glean some information from it. Antidote, weed killer, healing salve, restorative medicine (I’d already made that), nutritional drink (I’d made that too), gunpowder, acidic water, magical water, soul healing medicine, insecticide, were the recipes I’d been able to figure out, and after I went through them all, the book was over. Apparently you could alter the effectiveness of these basic intermediate medicines by mixing them with different additives. It was all rather vague, so I wouldn’t say that I really had a handle on it. Even still—I was starting to realize that the recipes the apothecary had given me were pretty average for intermediate level.    Well, I’d been able to figure out the book, so I didn’t think I’d need it anymore. I let the shield absorb it. This was the shield I unlocked: Book Shield: ability unlocked: equip bonus: magic power up (small) I thought for sure the shield would unlock some intermediate medicine recipes, but I was wrong. And on top of that, the shield’s defense rating was really low! It happened the day after I finished translating the recipe book. We came upon a monster called Torrent, defeated it, and I absorbed it into my shield. Torrent Shield: conditions met Blue Torrent Shield: conditions met Black Torrent Shield: conditions met Torrent Shield: ability locked: equip bonus: plant classification 2 Blue Torrent Shield: ability locked: equip bonus: intermediate compounding recipe 2 Black Torrent Shield: ability locked: equip bonus: rookie compounding Intermediate recipes? Was this some kind of joke? I just finished translating that book! Well, at least I’d only done up until the healing salve. The last time a shield unlocked recipes it was from a Mush, so I guess plant-based monsters would yield recipes. Even still, after I’d put all that work into it all —here they were: unlocked just like that. The antidote, weed killer, and healing salve could be made from grasses, but I didn’t even know where to get the materials to make anything like gunpowder.    The apothecary’s notes made it seem like you could make substitutions in the case of gunpowder. There was something called Snappy Grass that could substitute, so I did that and tried to make some gunpowder. It was like a crumbly powder, something like ash that could burn. I gathered it into a bag and made a makeshift bomb. I set flame to it and planned to throw it at an enemy. It started crackling, but then I dropped it at my feet! I was scared, but fortunately it didn’t produce anything you could really call an explosion. The acidic water needed to be stored in a glass bottle. It was a liquid that, apparently, was only slightly less acidic than sulfuric acid. It wasn’t made from grasses but was made by taking different natural ores and adding them to water… or something like that. I hadn’t made it yet, so I can’t say for sure… but what kind of person would want such a thing, and what would they want it for? Anyway, I could make some just to absorb into the shield. The Magic Power Water would restore your consumed magic points when you drank it. But the materials necessary to make it were pretty hard to get your hands on. If you made it with commercially available grasses, it would cost a small fortune. If we were going to go through the effort of making it, it would be better to sell it than to use it. Just like the Magic Power Water, the Soul Healing Medicine would also replenish the user’s SP. But %char1% and %char2% didn’t seem to understand what SP was, and they said it just tasted delicious, but like normal water. The insecticide was easy. You just mixed various herbs that insects hated and either clumped them into a solid or dissolved them in water for a liquid. So out of my new recipes, the ones that would be good for production and sales were the antidote, the healing salve, and the insecticide. And the weed killer would be good too. You could make so much of it from so little material that all I’d need to do was give some thought as to where to sell it. I could let the shield absorb the leftovers. Anti-Poison Shield: conditions met Gurihosato Shield: conditions met    Medicine Shield: conditions met Plant Fire Shield: conditions met Killer Insect Shield Alpha: conditions met Anti-Poison Shield: ability locked: equip bonus: defense power 5 Gurihosato Shield: ability locked: equip bonus: attack from plant enemies reduced by 5% Medicine Shield: ability locked: equip bonus: medicine effective range expansion (small) Plant Fire Shield: ability locked: equip bonus: fire resistance (small) Killer Insect Shield Alpha: ability locked: equip bonus: attack from insect enemies reduced by 3% I bet the original ability for the Anti-Poison Shield was Poison Resistance (medium). But I’d already learned that skill from the Chimera Viper Shield, so it must have changed to accommodate that. The Medicine Shield would increase some kind of range, though I wasn’t sure exactly what it meant. It could have meant that the range for any particular medicine would be increased, but it could also mean the number of people it could work on, would increase. What was Gurihosato? It seemed like the name of some kind of weed killer product. As for Killer Insect Shield Alpha, I imagined that you could produce a beta version or something by changing up the kinds of grasses that you used in the concoction. The effect of cutting 3% from the damage of certain kinds of enemies seemed pretty useful to me. The real problem was trying to read the magic book. It was very difficult.    Lately it seemed that %char1% was starting to get the hang of it. She’d produced certain effects that looked like they were on the right path. She’d been able to produce an orb of light that would float before her for a few seconds. Considering I was the Shield Hero, I didn’t look so great in comparison. %char2% could use her transformation magic too, so I asked %char2% about it after %char1% had gone to bed. It was kind of hard to think of what she did as magic, per se, but I thought it would be good to hear what she thought anyway. Yeah, so I, um… I just think about my power, like way down inside, right? And I just like, think about what I want to be and, uh… then I be it! Right. Whatever. At least I figured out that she wasn’t doing it as the result of some reasoned process. But what if I could read the book but still found myself unable to practice the magic? I’d heard that magic can be funny like that. And I came from a world that didn’t have any magic at all, so if it turned out that I wasn’t able to use it that would be… upsetting. I had to learn it. I just had to. Not to please the witch from the magic shop… but to stay alive. When the waves came, there wasn’t much need for me to participate in the fighting. Besides, who knew how I would be treated after the enemy had been vanquished? The best job for me would be to protect the nearby villages and towns. And when I was doing that, being able to use magic or not—that might decide whether or not I made it through the day alive. I could have bought a crystal ball… but if I could learn magic from this book for free, then that seemed like a better way to go. So lately, when we were on the road, I had the magic book in one hand, and I tried to read it. I asked %char1% how she did it, and she said that she synchronized her magic power with the words on the page, and her soul reacted… Just like %char2%’s had been, her explanation was impossible to follow. Granted, I could follow it better than %char2%’s… but what was magic power anyway? Did it mean they could feel it, like a sixth sense? My head was filled with questions like that, and it was driving me crazy. Well anyway, that’s how we spent those last two weeks.       Oh wow… To think that I’m riding in a carriage pulled by a bird-god! What a treat! Bird-god? A passing merchant had asked for a ride to the next town down the road, so we had given him a ride. Haven’t you heard of it? Hm, well… Hey, aren’t you the owner of this carriage? Even if you hide, I can tell. He had been chatting with %char1%, but now he pointed his finger at me. We’d been pretending that %char1% was in charge, and I stayed in the back making medicines. That’s true… You are famous around town. They say there’s a cart pulled by a birdgod that showers people with miracles everywhere it goes. The carriage was rattling down the road. I turned to look at %char2%. So people thought she was a god! In truth she was a hungry little pig, spoiled everywhere she went. But what was this miracle the guy was talking about? Hm? Gwehhhhh! %char2% looked suddenly startled, and she took off running. Woah! The merchant, %char1%, and I all flew out of our seats and had to throw our arms out to stabilize ourselves. Ahhhh! Yasuuuuuu! RATTLE, RATTLE! The carriage was rattling so loudly that we couldn’t hear what was happening outside. Sometimes %char2% would just run off like that for no real reason. This was probably the fourth time since we’d started this traveling gig. She kind of just did whatever she wanted. I’m not the only passenger here. Take it easy %char2%!    Okay! But that’s not it… Gweh! We whispered to each other so as not to be overheard by the merchant. We didn’t want to attract more attention than necessary, as that would only spell trouble. But I felt like people were paying attention to us anyway. The merchant was already staring at me with a shocked expression on his face. I’d heard she could understand language. That’s amazing! I think so too. Think about it, if people were so surprised that she could understand language, what would they think about her being able to speak? Her specs must have been really high. I should think about it as a potential that monsters have… when you look at it that way, she must have been very rare indeed. Even still, we’re just normal traveling merchants, we give people rides now and then, but nothing out of the ordinary. People are saying that a holy man arrives in a carriage and blesses the sick with special medicine. They are saying you cure people. Really? Sure, it was pretty good medicine, but if you saved up a little anyone could have bought it. But I’d discovered that you could tweak the recipe specifically for the needs of the patient as well. The original recipe worked on everything, but not particularly well. I’d been adding different herbs to the recipe to help it treat more ailments. I’d made it to work on fevers, lung infections, and skin infections. Still, it was just one medicine. The method had been written out explicitly in the intermediate recipe book. The recipes I’d gotten from the shield had also suggested a few recipe tweaks. It’s just normal medicine though. I opened a box and took out the medicine to show him. This is the miracle medicine? He lifted the lid from the jar and sniffed at it. Well, it does smell like normal medicine, that’s for sure. You can tell? Was he an apothecary? I was curious, so I asked him. But he shook his head.    No, I can just kind of tell. Sure he could. So what sort of merchant are you? I’m a jeweler. Right, a jeweler… I guess they existed in this world too. I guess that he normally sold necklaces and stuff to rich people. Jewels, eh? So I guess you tend to work with wealthy people. If he was carrying around expensive jewels and looking for customers, he would probably need some powerful protection. So it was odd that he was traveling alone. You hit where it hurts. He gave a light chuckle and then went on. Oh, I sell everything there is, from small to large. You could call me an accessories dealer. What’s the difference? Care to take a look at my products? He took out a large bag of accessories for my inspection. I looked inside. It was filled with broaches and necklaces. And bracelets. But it looked like most of them were made from iron or bronze. And there were jewels imbedded… technically. They weren’t so nice. The word jewel seemed too grandiose to describe them. I mostly just sell cheap stuff. Huh… Did you run into some kind of trouble? Not exactly… my current product line was from a rather poor adventurer. Huh. According to the accessories dealer, different accessories could be imbued with magic to give different effects to their wearer. And how much does one of those things sell for? Right… right… Well, this iron bracelet will raise the wearer’s attack power, and it goes for about 30 pieces of silver. That was pretty expensive. I couldn’t sell any of my medicines for near that much. If we were to apply magic to it we could sell it for near 100 pieces of silver.    Really? Of course. Heh.. That might be worth thinking about. I had pretty much reached the ceiling of what I could accomplish by selling medicines. We were close to selling out, and that was making us some money, but not a lot. I was also thinking about selling some to different apothecaries—and that wasn’t good for much profit. If I started collecting materials to make more, I would run out of time. I could have started before I’d moved on to selling things, but if you make things and collect things at the same time, your efficiency starts to go down. You a craftsman? I suppose… It’s easy enough to just make the pieces… but once I go ahead and add the magic power to them, yeah, I guess I’m a craftsman of sorts. That made sense. He’d make the pieces, and once they had magic put into them they would give their wearer certain powers. But how do you imbue something with magic? That was the trick… I didn’t like the sound of it. Imbue with magic. That had been all over my medicine recipes, and I’d seen it pop up in the recipe for magic water too. It meant that if you couldn’t use magic, you couldn’t make any of those medicines or objects. Master! Something is coming! %char2% sounded tense, and after calling out to me, she stopped in place. %char1% and I quickly jumped from the carriage to see what was going on. We saw someone walking out of the deep forest. There was a crowd, and they all had weapons in hand. They didn’t look friendly, and they were coming straight for us. They were all dressed differently, but they all had armor on. They were bandits, probably coming down from the mountains. Bandits! The accessory dealer let out a shrill shout. Ehhehe… leave the valuables behind and just be on your way. Hah… what a cliché.    I’d heard of this kind of thing before… Why didn’t they just sneak up and attack? But %char2% had seen them first, so they must have just decided to give up on the surprise and come right at us. They must have thought they could win. They looked haughty. Either that, or they had another plan. That reminds me, when we were in the last village I’d heard about some cruel faction of bandits forming out in the wilderness. We know all about you! And we know that you’ve got a jeweler in there too. The bandits were gathered in a crowd, and they were all shouting at us. I looked at the accessory merchant in the back of the carriage. Didn’t you say that you weren’t carrying anything of much value? Yes… nothing like that at the moment. He slowly slipped his hand into his pocket, and seemed to be fingering something there. Though I do have a rather valuable accessory I’m holding for someone else. I see. So that’s what they’re after. I’d picked up a troublesome customer. I thought that if I pretended that I didn’t have anything of value, then I could cut costs by getting out of needing a body guard. You idiot! I’ll bill you for this later. All right. He looked troubled for a minute, and then nodded. %char1%, %char2%. We’ve got trouble. Okay! Right. At my signal, %char1% jumped down from the carriage and readied herself for battle. I pulled the accessory dealer with me and followed her out. You stay next to me. Got it? Yes, yes! I switched from the shield I’d had on to unlock its ability to one that was better for combat. What… What’s with your shield? Oh…    When the accessory dealer realized that the owner of his bird-god, miracle cart was none other than the criminal Shield Hero, he looked visibly shaken. What’s this, you’re gonna fight us? Sure. I didn’t think it would be right to rain fire down on you from back here. I glared the bandits down as I threatened them. The most important thing about the fight would be preventing the enemy from getting what they were after. Basically, I couldn’t let them get away with whatever the accessory dealer was carrying. %char1%, %char2%, are you ready? Yes. I’m ready when you are. Yes, I was just getting bored. Great. Let’s do this! When I shouted my signal, the bandits also readied themselves and ran at us with their weapons out. I quickly looked them over, and there seemed to be about fifteen of them. That was kind of a lot. Air Strike Shield! I aimed for one of them running at us, and the shield appeared in mid air to halt his advance. I prepared for my next skill. Change Shield! Change Shield was a skill that would let me change into any shield I needed instantly. I chose the Bee Needle Shield. The Bee Needle Shield had a special effect of Needle Shield (small), Bee Poison (paralysis). The Shield! Watch out! Ugh! One of the running bandits collided with the shield and fell to the ground, dazed and apparently paralyzed. The skill had worked well. Shield Prison! What?! The cage expanded to enclose one of the bandits. That had a time limit on it though. The Change Shield skill took thirty seconds to charge back up, so you couldn’t use it a few times in a row. Having said that, while it did take time to recharge, it was all the more effective because of that. So it wasn’t all that bad.    Suddenly three of them were right in front of me. They probably thought I looked the fool, standing there with only the shield at the ready. I jumped in front of the merchant and covered him from an attack. Fireworks fell away from my shield, repelled with a metallic clash. Apparently their attacks weren’t strong enough to get through my defenses. Now I had the Chimera Viper Shield out. Its special effects were Poison Fang (medium) and Hook. The snake engraved into the front of the shield came to life, and bit at the bandits attacking me. It counter-attacked anyone that came at me, and poisoned them in the process. Gaaahhh! Dammit… That’s it?! Ugh!! I don’t feel well… The Viper Shield had poisoned someone. If they’d had a resistance to poison it wouldn’t have done much. I hadn’t tried it on a person yet… though it seemed to be pretty powerful—not that it would take anyone down on its own. I chose Hook next. The snake flew out from the shield and wrapped itself around someone. It had a range of two meters, and it was useful for wrapping up an enemy (though it didn’t deal any damage), pulling things closer, or climbing up cliffs or walls. I watched the bandits, and now some of them seemed so sick and unstable that they were falling over. This guy… He’s the Shield Hero! The group of bandits suddenly appeared intimidated. They must have just realized they’d run into me and were now starting to think back over all the various gossip they were sure to have heard. A shudder of fear rippled through the crowd, and you could see the realization cross their faces. Arghhhh! Hiyaaaa! %char1% had her sword out, and whenever a bandit showed a weak point she lunged at him. I had managed to fend off their attacks up until then, but they were shocked at %char1%’s strength. One of them flew back and hit his head as he fell to the ground.    %char2% was running quickly through the group and kicking at them any time she got a chance. Just like %char6%, they flew through the air at her kicks, five… no, twenty meters! That must have killed them Their numbers were thinning, and it seemed like there were only six or them left that were capable of standing. Still, they were acting pompous and confident. Like they didn’t understand the situation they were in. That they didn’t retreat yet meant something… I was sure of it. Come at us already! Ahhhh! Reinforcements rushed in. There were fifteen of them. What a pain in the ass. They were all weak, but there were a lot of them. And while the original group hadn’t tried to surprise us, the reinforcements had. Heee! The accessory merchant let out a shrill cry, and I threw my cape open to protect him and block the arrows that had been shot at us. Luckily, none of them were powerful enough to overcome my own high defense rating. There’s more! I looked around to see a new crowd of bandits flooding from the woods towards %char1%. Dammit! Where were they all coming from? I wasn’t sure anymore if we would be able to take them all down. In the worst case scenario, we could always get back in the carriage and have %char2% get us out of there… couldn’t we? Ugh…! There was a loud clang, and one of the bandits had taken the full brunt of %char1%’s sword attack… only to laugh it off. What did that mean? He was a bandit, but seemed much more composed than the others. He brandished the same sword as the others, but his seemed to be made from a different material. He looked older than the others too, like a guy in his late thirties. Had he been Japanese, I’d have said that he looked like a wandering samurai.    Anyway, he was wearing full, western armor, so he wasn’t a samurai, but still, he looked strong. That’s the one. Ha, looks like you’ve got the Shield Hero for a bodyguard. But I can still take him. Yeah. I turned to the accessory dealer, but he quickly looked away. I believe that this man may have been hired to kill me. Heheheh… that one’s after a class up! I don’t care if the Shield Hero is watching over him, I can still win. Class up? There’s another thing I didn’t understand. It must have been some kind of powerful power-up, one that ordinary people couldn’t use. We won’t lose to you! %char1%, hold off! That all you got?! The bodyguard’s sword glanced off of %char1%’s. Damn… He really was strong. Lately %char1% was growing reckless. I needed to find some way to control her. Ah… The bodyguard grabbed %char1% by the chest and threatened her with his sword. Ok Shield Hero, here we go. You give me that merchant, or I’ll kill this girl of yours. He was going to kill her anyway. I don’t know why he had to make up this deal. But what should I do? If he held her hostage, I couldn’t even move, much less fight. You let her go! It happened in the blink of an eye. %char2% ran up from behind, at full speed, and slammed into him. Wha… He wasn’t able to get out of the way in time, but he had managed to brace himself for the impact. When he turned his attention to %char2%, he had to release %char1%.    But the force of %char2%’s impact had knocked the sword from her hand, and it clattered away. She ran to retrieve it, but in her sudden absence the bandits all turned their gaze to me. Die! Take this! Clang! The shield repelled their attacks with a metallic sound. All the attacks bounced off, except for the bodyguard. His attack had hurt. Hiii! Don’t you move! I was holding the accessory dealer against my side while I blocked the incoming attacks. I wasn’t sure how long I was going to be able to hold out. The guy was brushing off %char1%’s attacks, and had managed to keep his footing when %char2% slammed him. How were we going to win? I could use Shield Prison to hold him, but the skill’s time limit would be a problem. The rest of the bandits were little weaklings, so we could pick them off one by one, but what should we do about that bodyguard? Did it make sense to enclose him in the Shield Prison while we took care of the others? If we did, there was a chance he’d get away. I was thinking it over when %char1% retrieved her sword. She was concerned about something. What was it? Her tail was huge and bushy. I am the source of all power. Hear my words and understand them. Form a mirage and hide us! Hide Mirage! %char1% shimmered, wavered, and then disappeared. She… She’s gone! The bandits that had been running in her direction stopped in their tracks and appeared to be at a loss. Don’t be a fool! She’s just used magic to conceal herself. %char1%’s magic had improved to the point where she could use it in the middle of battle! Damn… I couldn’t use mine at all yet. I felt so behind! What the… %char2% too?! Wha? %char2% had crossed her arms and seemed to be concentrating.    I am the source of all power. Hear my words and understand them. Blow them away! Fast Tornado! A huge tornado suddenly appeared around %char2%, and the nearby bandits were blown through the air. What? Even the bodyguard was surprised by all this magic, and he backed away from us to get some distance. But he was out of luck. %char1% readied her sword and approached him from behind. Ugh… You were very strong, but that’s why I have to do what I can to win. She finished speaking, and the sword sliced through the back of his neck. He fell. So we had managed to fight them off. I couldn’t believe that the both of them had been able to use magic. I mean, I didn’t even know that %char2% COULD use magic. She should have said something. She was a monster though. Maybe it had just been instinct. Damn! Retreat! After seeing the bodyguard fall, one of the others assumed leadership and called for retreat. Yeah right! I captured that leader in a Shield Prison, and %char1% jumped on %char2%’s back to chase down the fleeing bandits. All right… We tied them up and looked them over. If we drop these guys off with the police somewhere, you think we could get an award? With how things are these days, I don’t know if there is money… %char1% looked concerned. What about you, what do you know? I asked the accessory dealer, but he shook his head. But you should still probably drop them off with the police. Yeah… I guess… The new leader was looking at me and laughing. I could picture what he was thinking.    ‘We were just peaceful adventurers when the Shield Hero attacked us.’ Is that what you are thinking? He quickly stopped laughing. Exactly. The police would rather believe what I say then listen to you. Think of your reputation! Well, you may have a point there. Why did my reputation precede me this way? The more I thought about it the angrier I got. That Trash and his Bitch princess had really made me look bad, and everyone believed them. Sigh… Fine then. We’ll just have to kill you. I hadn’t given it much thought, just said it. But the bandits had a visceral reaction. Their faces paled, and some of them began desperately working at their ropes to get free. %char2% ran over and kicked them, and they fainted. Yeah, I’ve got this dangerous monster here. Might as well teach her what human tastes like. I grit my teeth and snarled quietly and forcefully at them. Food? %char2% was drooling as she looked from one bandit to the next. Hiiiiii?! Hm… What to do? But you’re the miracle working merchant with the bird-god carriage! You wouldn’t kill someone! I don’t ever remember being called that. We are all responsible for our own fates. Now you all have lived by sucking off of others. Now it is your turn to pay up. Do me a favor and just accept it. Please! Spare our lives! Fine. Give us all your valuables and equipment, and tell us where your hideout is. Go ahead and lie if you want. But I get murderous when people lie to me. And my bird-god here will tear you limb from limb. She will tear you to shreds. All I have to do is give the signal. The bandits were shaking, and they spoke slowly, and their voices were filled with fear. My reputation was doing me some good. Okay! Okay! Out hideout is…    I unrolled a map and checked where they had indicated. It was close by. All right. Let’s negotiate. I lowered my hand and %char2% charged up a kick strong enough to knock them out. And then she delivered it. Take their valuables. And look how nice their equipment is! %char1%, that will be yours. We had already stripped the bodyguard of his possessions. His equipment was quite good. We’d take it as payment for our troubles. If we steal from them, we’re no better than they are. %char1% protested but still followed my orders and briskly relieved the bandits of their equipment. All right. Now give antidote to anyone who is poisoned and load them into the carriage. Better make it quick, we still have to swing by their hideout. Okay! We went to the hideout to confirm that it really was where they had said and found someone there on watch. We tied him up and stripped him of his valuables and equipment. Then we went inside and took all the treasure and jewels they had stored and loaded them into the carriage. Finally we unloaded the tied up bandits and left them at their hideout. We’d gotten our hands on a large variety of treasures. Like money, food, alcohol, weapons and armor, gold and silver, healing medicines, and other cheap stuff. They’d had way more than I had been expecting, so it turned out to be more compensation than I had thought. That was very… smart. The accessory dealer was reflecting on the event of the day and looking me over. Yeah… anyway, how much do you think our troubles on your behalf were worth? The merchant suddenly snapped back to reality, remembering where he was. Those bandits even had a bodyguard to protect them, and we defeated them all to save you. That’s worth more than a few bits of silver, you know.    I gave him a little threat. This was all his fault. I wasn’t going to let him off so easily. We agreed that I would receive one of the accessories he was selling. He said it was worth at least 20 pieces of silver. To be faced with such adversity and yet meet it head on! Yes, you’ve impressed me, Hero. He did seem moved. He was looking at me again, more carefully than before. I didn’t think he was lying. Well enough. I’ll give you this artifact, and imbue it with magic. I will also share my business routes with you. That’s a little much, isn’t it? That was far more compensation then we needed, which seemed suspicious. He might have been trying to punish us for taking one of his accessories. No, there aren’t many merchants left like you—the kind that will demand profit even in the face of a horde of bandits. There must be plenty of greedy folks out there. That’s not what I mean. Most people will wring money out of someone and then toss them aside, but not you. You know how to keep them alive so that you can continue to profit from them. Keep them alive for profit… I looked over at the tied up bandits. They might have been a powerful group of bandits, but here they were tied up. Their clothes and equipment were all very nice, and they had evidently stolen it all from others. If we were to steal all of it back from them, what was wrong with that? Don’t they say that you reap what you sow? You mean because of all this? Those men came after us to steal our money and our lives. But you compromised, and took all their possessions but left them their lives. Normally you’d have to kill them. If you think about it, this is the best ending they could hope for. I did have a really bad reputation, so there really was a chance that the police would have taken the word of bandits over my own. Then again, they    might have believed me. They paid for their lives with all their material possessions. You could put that way… And once they build up their loot again and come for revenge, you’ll beat them and take it all again! The accessory dealer flashed a wicked smile. What was with this guy? He was starting to freak me out! Anyway, we’ll drop you off at the next town. No thanks. I have so much to tell you. I won’t leave until I’ve shared it all with you. He thought I was his apprentice or something! Something was off-putting about all this. What was he up to? Anyway, we warmed our pockets and wallets with the bandit’s stash and set out on the road again. This might not be immediately relevant, but apparently there was a merchant’s guild, and a corrupt member of it had sold the bandits the information that this accessory dealer had gotten a ride in our carriage. That guy was later removed from the guild.       For whatever reason, the accessory dealer insisted on riding with us from that point on. He was paying us for the trouble, so I couldn’t think of anything to complain about. Still, I didn’t know why he wanted to come with us. After the incident with the bandits he apparently had grown fond of me, and he started to reveal things about himself, and he took to lecturing me on various topics when we were on the road. Anyway he said that there were traveling merchants messing up trade in the area, and that the merchants guild sent him out to keep an eye on things. Basically, the guy was one of the guild’s assassins. And he had seen potential in me, wanted to see how I developed. Furthermore, this guy was apparently a pretty powerful member of the guild, though afterwards I heard from other members of that guild that he wasn’t well known for sharing and teaching others. The first thing he started talking about was how to procure the materials you would need to imbue jewels and things with power. One of his acquaintances at a mine was able to help us with that. Next he spoke about how to form precious metals into accessories. Apparently you could chose from a number of different designs. I have always been a bit of an Otaku, so I picked a design that sort of fit my sensibilities. It turned out a little differently than intended, but I still liked it. We were also able to get tools necessary for the process, and we got them cheaply. Some of the tools didn’t exist back in my world, such as a material for burning like coal. It was called a magic stone. The shield started to respond to it, but the material was too expensive to just let the shield absorb it. There were things that, back in my world, would have been called grinders. There were also things like burners, too. They were used to form the accessory. Iron and other hard materials could be brought to a forge where metal molds could be used to form smaller items. Anyway, my crafting skill made    the process a bit easier than it would have been otherwise. There were other tools that were needed for making higher-level items, but they were too expensive to think about buying now. That’s how our finances were looking. That brings me to the main problem: how to imbue something with magic. If you couldn’t use magic, you couldn’t do it. I couldn’t use magic yet, so I was sitting there with the book in one hand, muttering along, when the accessory dealer started talking again. Hero, are you unable to use magic? That’s right. I’ve asked my helpers here how they do it, but they just say to ‘synchronize with my spirit.’ I don’t know what they are talking about. Ah… yes, I think I am beginning to understand. The accessory dealer reached into his pocket and pulled out a small, translucent piece of something. What’s this? It’s a piece of very valuable ore. Huh… Can you read? A little… if it’s simple. I’d been studying the writing for about a month now, and if I focused hard enough, I could read it. If it was very complicated then I couldn’t follow it, but if it was simple enough, I could. Then let’s work on your magic practice. If you can learn to feel the power, that’s enough. Ugh... This sounded like torture to me. I was worried about the prospect of study, but I reached out my hand and took the shard of ore. It began to glow. What… What did it mean? It was like… like feeling a hand move that you didn’t know you had—yes, it was like that. Or it was how a bird must have felt when it opens its wings for the first time and flew. Something feels weird. You can actually feel your magical power without the aid of that stone, but you were raised without knowing that. I thought it might help    you, so I handed it over. Turns out it was a good choice. I guess so. I thought back to a concept I had translated from the magic book and began to recite it. I imagined magic as another arm, and then I tried to image that that other arm was MY arm. Some words appeared. It was only for me—my own, private magic. I am the source of all power, hear my words and understand them. Protect them! Fast Guard! I became aware of a target marker blinking in my field of vision. I chose myself as the target to practice the spell. I was suddenly covered in a soft light. I checked my status screen to see that my defense had risen dramatically. Woah… Looks like you were able to figure it out. Now allow me to show you how to imbue an object with magic. The accessory dealer ignored my impressed reaction and immediately moved into his lecture. It had been a big step for me, but apparently he wasn’t impressed. I listened to his lecture, and pretty soon I had learned how to imbue an object with magic. I tried imbuing the jewel that we’d made with magic, which involved controlling the natural tendencies of the stone. It was a little difficult at first, but I could use magic now, and the skills from the shield were helping. Eventually I was able to produce a few pieces. Apparently there were more advanced techniques, like using different stones and mixing their properties, or absorbing the magic from different plants and then imbuing other objects with that magic. Well, that’s the gist of it. I think you can figure out the rest by yourself. I hope it helps you and your business. The accessory dealer gave a final farewell and then climbed down from the carriage. Now I had another skill besides compounding—I could craft magical jewels.    We would need different ores to use in the crafting, so we visited the mining town we’d stopped by earlier. Ah… so he sent you here, did he? A large man, a miner, was looking me over suspiciously, but I showed him the letter of introduction the accessory dealer had given us. Yeah, that’s his handwriting. But to think you’d be introduced by him? He’s very strict about money. What’s that supposed to mean? I listened to the miner’s gossip. Apparently the accessory dealer was well known as a miser. He’d thought it suspicious that a guy like that would introduce me, but he accepted it once he saw the letter. Well, if he sent you here then sure, you can buy from me. How much are you looking for? I think I can accommodate you. You think I could go mine them out myself? That should help keep costs down, right? Huh? Oh, well… If you want to do it yourself, then it would basically be free, but… We talked it over, and before long %char2%, %char1%, and I were down in a cave with pickaxes in our hands. The rhythmic clanging of our pickaxes echoed in the silent cave. Honestly, it was a real racket. The air was so stuffy and hot—I couldn’t stand it. The walls rippled with glowing veins of ore—much different from the last mine we’d been in. This is a pretty safe and stable cavern, so you should be fine to dig and mine anywhere you want. Having said that, there is always a chance of a cave-in, or of falling rocks, so do be careful. That only made sense. From the way he made it sound, there were a number of caves, but he had led us to the richest one. I raised my pickaxe and brought it down against the stone wall. When I did, a glowing cross appeared on the wall. It was just like when we were looking for Light Metal. Hiya! I swung the pickaxe with all my might.    The impact echoed in the cavern, and the wall cracked. The crack slowly expanded, creaked, and the wall fell apart. Huh? The miner was staring at me, wide-eyed. You broke through that hard stone with one hit? Was it so hard? Thanks to my collection skill, I was able to break through the rocks easily, and pretty soon there were piles of ore rolling out from the cracks. And yet, no doubt because of my level, I still came upon walls that I couldn’t break into, no matter how severe my effort. Please take this. Oh, okay. We stuffed the ore into a bag and hurried from the mine. By the way, even outside the mine itself, we were able to find ore pretty much anywhere we swung our pickaxes. Apparently it was really easy to find in the area. The only problem was that any ore found near the surface tended to be of poor magical quality. Back in my world, I think I had heard that if you find a place rich in ore, it would be everywhere, and easy to take too. Maybe things were different here, and good ore was somehow a function of its depth below the surface. You made a Ruby Bracelet! Ruby Bracelet: quality: good to excellent I tried out my new skills and, I guess, because the original materials were good, ended up with something very nice. Now it was time to try imbuing it with magic. Ruby Bracelet (fire resistance up): quality: excellent to normal Damn… I was able to imbue it with magic, but I lowered the quality rating in the process. We went on with our travels, and I tried crafting different accessories in the back of the carriage.    You know, crafting in the back of a moving carriage is not an easy thing to do. When I thought about how long it took compared to the relative ease of compounding medicines, I wasn’t sure if it was any more profitable. And on top of that, I let the shield absorb both finished pieces and raw materials but was never able to unlock anything. Apparently my level and tree were not advanced enough. I’d have to focus on sales. By the way, that bracelet that I made sold after only two days for 80 pieces of silver. But it took a long time to make the base of the bracelet. And it seemed like jewels were less valuable in this world than they were in mine. I wondered if the design of the accessory, and how in-line it was with the current fashion trends, would affect the price I could get for it? Would its design affect its price? The very idea struck me as ironic. But apparently they were in the midst of a popularity boom, and apparently there were fashionable trends in this world too. I guess I just didn’t know what jewels could be sold for a good price. Even still—I was making money. Pretty soon it would be time to buy all new equipment. Iron Ore Shield: conditions met Copper Ore Shield: conditions met Silver Ore Shield: conditions met Lead Ore Shield: conditions met Iron Ore Shield: ability locked: equip bonus: metalworking skill 2 Copper Ore Shield: ability locked: equip bonus: metalworking skill 1 Silver Ore Shield: ability locked: equip bonus: damage from demonic monsters reduced by 2% Lead Ore Shield: ability locked: equip bonus: defense 1    I was unlocking a bunch of abilities that seemed better left in the hands of the guy from the weapon shop. It didn’t make sense to try and do EVERYTHING on my own. The Lead Ore Shield seemed to be taking the place of something else. I don’t think that skill will see much use. We had been traveling like that for a few days when we arrived at a town in the South. That’s when it happened. The accessory dealer had told us that there was an area that was desperately in need of large quantities of weed killer. We’d have to travel quickly to reach them in time, but that’s what the bird-god… That’s what %char2% was for. If we stood to make a lot of money, then there was nothing to debate. We hurried to the Southwest.       So there was a village that needed a large quantity of weed killer. We hurried there. Master! What is it? Um… These plants are amazing! %char1% and I craned our necks to look outside. The street was covered in writhing vines so thick they threatened to cover the entire street. What the hell?! It was moving slowly, but if you watched closely you could see the vines crawling out further and spreading over the road. The village… I looked around to get a sense of our surroundings, and I saw something in the distance that looked something like a refugee camp. %char2%, take us over there. Okay. We arrived at the camp and quickly started selling our products. All right, so what price should we set for the weed killer? They must have needed it to try and control those vines we’d seen. I was starting to understand why the accessory dealer recommended this place to us—sure enough, we should be able to do some business here. But how much? How much money would we make off with? There might be a specialized buyer. Good point. We climbed out of the carriage and started asking around. I changed my shield into the Book Shield. Then I rotated it around to the inside of my arm and pretended to be a merchant just walking around with his book. If they didn’t notice my shield, they wouldn’t think I was the Shield Hero. I heard that you were in need of weed killer, and were willing to pay for it. I found someone in the camp dressed better than the others. He seemed to be in charge.    Ah… A merchant? You’re just in time. What happened here? I looked off in the distance to see the whole area covered in vines. Yes, well… Our village was experiencing a severe famine. That reminded me… I think I’d heard about this place. But didn’t %char6% take care of it? The Spear Hero was able to release the seal on an ancient miracle seed for us. That solved the famine, and yet… You mean this is from the miracle seed? I looked back at the vines. Looking closely, I saw various fruits and vegetables growing from the twisting stalks. So the refugees had plenty to eat, and the famine was solved. They were able to get potatoes from the roots. They were digging at the vines with shovels. So apparently they were able to fix the famine problem, but the vines were too powerful, and they ran out of space to live? How stupid can you get? Thinking back on it, that must have been the reason the seed was sealed away in the first place. If they had just left it there, everything would have been fine. %char6%, the fool! What was he thinking? Oh yeah… We’d been nearby a little while ago, when we were with the witch. To he who would break the seal of the seed. It is my desire that this seed never be released into the world. It will play with the people’s desire to be freed from famine, granting their wish in the worst way imaginable. The seal is not so easily broken. Yeah, that’s what it had said. Why would he break the seal on the seed? He must not have read it. He must not have known that from all his game experience. Out here on the periphery there is no major problem. But if you head into the village, the plants have begun to turn into monsters. So the plants could mutate… Great. He really was an idiot.    It was so easy to put me in a bad mood. It had happened so quickly this time. He was very skilled. He knew how to ruin my mood. So that’s why you want weed killer? Yes. If these people were famers, you’d think they already knew how to control weeds… but whatever. At first we were all so happy. But once the vines came over our fields, and then our houses… Well, we went out with axes to try and hold the vines at bay, but they were too fast. When did all this happen? Once the Hero moved on, we didn’t have any trouble for two weeks. But about half a month ago, things started to… Uh huh. Didn’t you report to the Crown? Yes. But they said that it would take a while before a Hero would be able to make it out here. Therefore we have been forced to do what we can with weed killer for the time being… Huff… I let out an involuntary sigh. Why don’t you try burning it? We’ve tried everything that we could think of. So I guess you tried burning it… They had probably tried reaching out to adventurers for help too. I looked around the camp, and sure enough—there were a bunch of people with weapons and equipment there. They would not be villagers. Ahhhhhhhhhhh! An ear-splitting shriek came from the direction of the village. What was that?! We tried to stop him, but there was an adventurer that wanted to fight in the village to raise his levels. That must be him. The villager sighed his answer, as though he’d done all he could. Damn! %char2%! Okay! I pointed in the direction of the village. %char2% had been stuffing her cheeks with fruit from the vines, but immediately took off running at my signal.    She ran, full speed, right into the village and came back shortly with three adventurers. They were beat up pretty badly. How did the village look? Hmm… Well, the monster plants were wriggling over everything. There were some cool ones that spit poison and acid and stuff. Weak adventurers shouldn’t go in there! Stupid! That last part wasn’t necessary. Okay! The villagers were shocked when they saw %char2% talking. Oh, we’ve heard of you! You’re the miracle-working saint with the bird-god carriage! As if they just noticed me, they ran over and shook my hand. Well I don’t know about saint… but I have a bird and a carriage. Please save our village! There are people even that have been consumed by the vines! You mean they are parasitic? Oh jeez… I took some restorative medicine and some weed killer and then was led over to a tent. Inside there were a number of people laying down, and their bodies were half-transformed into plants. I can’t promise that I can cure them. And besides, I’m no philanthropist. I expect to be paid. Yes… I went over to the closest patient, a child that seemed to be having trouble breathing, and administered the restorative medicine. The child was enveloped in a soft light, and his breathing seemed to stabilize. I then applied weed killer to the affected areas of his body. The child was in pain for a short time, but then the leaves withered and fell off, and the child seemed to be cured. Oh… That’s a saint for you! Everyone was whispering in amazement. I administered the same medicine routine to the remaining patients. Once everyone had been treated, the atmosphere around the camp improved greatly. I guess anyone would be happy to see their lot improve, however little.    Thank you! Thank you so much! Everyone thanked me. Time to pay up. I asked for a price that was higher than the average market price. Here’s why: if they had already appealed to the Crown for help, then there was a chance that another Hero might show up at any time. And if he did, then pretty soon they would know who I was too, and then they’d be singing a different tune. The villagers happily paid me. Everything was going according to plan. All right, I’ll sell you the weed killer. Let’s try to make this quick. Once you buy it, I’m out of here. Um… Saint… Could you please save our village? What?! I thought you’d asked for a Hero to come. Yes, but… Ugh… All the villagers were throwing themselves at my feet and begging me. I wasn’t exactly all-powerful here. And besides, it’s not like I had any responsibility to them. No thanks. Please. If you need money, we’ll find a way… You need to pay upfront. And if anything happens, I don’t want to hear any complaints. Now, if you know anything about the seed that the Spear Hero unsealed, you better tell me about it now. The villagers called out to one another, and soon I was surrounded by people pulling money from their pockets. I spent the time trying to find out all that I could. Apparently the seed had been sealed away in some nearby ruins, and had been watched over by a powerful guardian. If the vines were overtaking everything, someone must have wondered what had happened to the guardian. No? I sighed… These villagers weren’t good for much. The villagers believed that the seed was the masterwork of an alchemist that had made his hideaway in those ruins. And that the seed was sealed away some time later on. According to reports that they had, the area had, sometime in the past, been overtaken by vines.    If you have a legend like that around here, why would you remove the seal from the seed? Didn’t anyone notice? Everyone turned their eyes to the ground. They must have thought it was safe because a Hero had brought it to them. We were talking all this over when they announced they had raised the money I’d requested. It was quite a lot of money. I could have taken it and just run off. Ok, I’ve got it. I’ll do what I can. I changed my shield to the Chimera Viper Shield. That would be better for battle. Sh…The Shield Hero?! I ignored the shouts of the villagers and pressed on further into the vines. %char1% and %char2% followed close behind. I put all the money into a pouch and tied it around my waste then moved deeper and deeper into the vines.       %char1%, %char2%, be careful. Okay, so we’d be fighting plants today. I’d gotten used to handling herbs and grasses, but the plants surrounding us now were completely different. The vines were covered with different fruits, and the roots were studded with potatoes. That wasn’t all. They were parasitic (and could infect your body) and could spit poison and acid. I was thinking that the weed killer was probably our best bet. Physically though, I didn’t know if cutting them or beating them in battle would really do much. We walked for a little while before the wriggling vines decided to attack us. Hah! Hiyah! %char1% and %char2% took care of them quickly. But it didn’t do anything to stop the vines. If anything, it caused more trouble, as now the other vines were taking an interest in us. We could try using magic… I am the source of all power. Hear my words and understand them. Protect them! Fast Guard! I cast a protective spell on %char1% and %char2%. The spell would raise the defense rating of the target. If I used it on myself it was even more effective, because my defense was already so high. Thank you, Mr. %Name%. Thanks! They both thanked me, but we were soon attacked by other vines again. We could have kept pressing on, but what did we need to do to get rid of the vines for good? Without weed killer or magic we’d have no choice but to retreat. But as things stood now, maybe we could just kill them one by one and move    on. If we met the monsters in the heart of the village, they might have a hint or two that we could use. We didn’t know how they had broken through the seal, so I didn’t have any concrete ideas. So all we could do was try what we could until we found something that worked. In a worst-case scenario, we’d have to go back to those ruins—and that would be a pain. The vines weren’t strong enough to get through my defenses, so they weren’t able to do much to halt our progress. Keep going! We’ll figure it out when we get there. Okay! We ran on and came to what seemed to be the origin of the vine’s roots, at the very center. The whole area was crawling with plant-based monsters. They weren’t so strong that %char1% and %char2% couldn’t take care of them. Even still, I wanted to make sure that they were protected. Um… The monsters’ names were BioPlant, PlantRiwe, Mandragora. BioPlant referred to some kind of master-plant from which all the other enemies were produced. PlantRiwe referred specifically to a humanshaped amalgamation of different vines. The Mandragora was like a large, immobile pitcher plant. The poison-spitting monster that %char2% had mentioned was the Mandragora. The PlantRiwe had a giant flower growing from its head, and the flower released clouds of poisonous pollen. The Mandragora produced an acidic liquid from its vines, which it would fling at weaker creatures, and then, once stunned, would pull them into its gaping mouth. The BioPlant was the real monster, as the other two were produced by it. The vine would form a bulbous growth that would get larger and larger until it burst, producing the other monsters. I tried sprinkling it with weed killer, and it reacted instantly, withering and dying as if I’d stabbed it through its heart. That didn’t seem to break my non-aggression rule (the one imposed by the shield). I guess because the beasts were really more like plants than monsters.    I wonder how this shield was making its judgment. I bet it was like that… like when you could use holy water on an undead monster to knock it out. It must have been based on the original use intended by the object. Either that, or it was because the medicine was designed to return the plants to their parasitic form? Whatever, I don’t know. What happened? The PlantRiwe and Mandragoras kept on uselessly attacking me. Their attacks weren’t doing anything, but he poisonous pollen was starting to affect my breath. And the acid was getting annoying too. Both of them had the effect of lowering a target’s defense rating, and when I checked my status screen I could tell that it was having an effect on me. Still, they weren’t able to hurt me, so that was good. Unfortunately the Snake Poison Fang (medium) wasn’t having any effect on them. I suppose I should have expected that. The monsters used poison too, and they were plants. %char1%! Cough! What is it? The air was very thick, and by the look of it %char1% was having trouble breathing. Even though I had managed to heal her in the past, her respiratory system was probably still damaged and weaker than others’. Here! You take some weed killer too. Oh, okay! I tossed her a bottle of weed killer. I’d have her use it in case there was an emergency or something. The vines wriggled toward her and tried to attack her, but %char1% calmly stepped back and sliced through them. They weren’t nearly as durable as I’d expected. Mr. %Name%? I’m going! Oh… um. We pressed on until we came to the town square. There was a large tree growing there. Actually no… It wasn’t a tree. It was a bunch of vines all twisted together. That’s the source! I hope…    We approached the trunk of the tree, and suddenly a giant eye appeared from it and stared at us. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! That was creepy. But it did seem to be the source. Master! I’m going! %char2% took off running in the direction of the tree, but vines extended from it to meet her. Yaaaah! She drew back her powerful leg and kicked the vines, sending them flying through the air before jumping to her feet and turning to face the tree. Realization flashed over her face: she was still too far away. Master! I know! Air Strike Shield! %char2% was falling through the air, but the Air Strike Shield deployed right under her, and she landed on it. She caught her footing on the floating shield before jumping off again and landing directly before the giant eye. Hiyah! There was a nasty sound of gushing liquid, and the eye exploded at %char2%’s powerful kick. Ugh… It was pretty nasty. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The tree of vines began to violently writhe. Apparently taking out its eye wasn’t enough to kill it. What should we do? It’s not falling! I know. With an awful wriggling and gush, the eye reappeared. In the process, just for a second, I could see something like a seed deep within the eye. %char1%, %char2%, I just saw something inside the eye there. Try dumping weed killer on it. My skill was done with its necessary cool down time. I sent out another Air Strike Shield. I should point out that I was being attacked this whole time by PlantRiwes and Mandragoras. They kept raining down from above from some inexhaustible supply.    Okay! Got it! %char1% jumped on %char2%’s back and they ran for the rapidly regenerating eyeball. The eye, probably noticing the threat, sent vines shooting straight for them. Even more streamed down from above. Shield Prison! A cage immediately appeared and enclosed %char1% and %char2%. They were suspended in the cage in mid-air, but they should be able to make their attack from that spot. The skill would only last for fifteen seconds. During that time, all the vines streaming down from above bounced back from the cage. But no… Now they were winding around the bars. Fifteen seconds had passed, and the cage vanished. At the same time, to support them, I released an Air Strike Shield to catch %char2% where she fell. Hiyah! %char2% caught her footing on the shield and %char1% flashed her sword at the swarming vines. It looked like she was successful as all the vines fell back. %char2% was successful again, and she ran to make another approach. She managed to land another successful kick on the eyeball. !??????? The regenerating eye completely stopped moving after taking %char2%’s second kick. Finding her window of opportunity, %char1% leaned over and poured the weed killer on the small seed-like object. !!!!????? There was an unbelievable loud shriek followed by violent writhing. Then all the BioPlants stopped moving. Did it work? It sure seemed to have worked, and I hadn’t been hurt at all in the process. But then the BioPlants all started to move again. I’m sorry, I guess I didn’t do it right! You did fine. I guess it just wasn’t strong enough…    But now what were we supposed to do? But wait… I had an idea. I had a skill that increased medicine efficacy. Wasn’t that how I was able to help all those people? Did that mean that… that I should be the one to use the weed killer? Let me try. I think I can do it. I held a bottle in my hand, and stalked off for the eye. I had just started to notice it recently, but my defense rating completely negated the attacks of my enemies. Even if I was covered with them I could still walk just fine. But once I tried attacking, the power balance wasn’t so clear-cut. There was a BioPlant in front of me, its roots exposed from the soil. I guess I really should ride on %char2% to get close to that seed… But I poured the weed killer on the roots of the BioPlant. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!??????????????? The plants were writhing very quickly and violently. They were screaming like monsters. The eye turned brown, and the rot spread out from the eye to cover the rest of the creature. Suddenly the entire plant began to dry up. There was a cracking sound as the tree dried and wilted then suddenly crumbled. We had to run to escape the falling pieces. Woah… We looked around to find all the plant monsters brown and wilted. Everything but the fruit had turned brown, and we were the only things moving. And then… from where the BioPlant tree had stood, a great number of glowing seeds rained down from above. Leaving them there seemed like a bad idea. Now it’s cleanup time. I might be able to absorb some into my shield. Let’s start collecting seeds. Okay. Lunch time! %char2% watched %char1% and I collect seeds while she feasted on the leftover fruits and potatoes.       Is that it? Yeah, we’ll leave the rest up to the villagers. The miracle seed… We’d dispatched with the BioPlants that %char6% had woken up… and now we were collecting seeds. We had fistfuls of seeds, and I went ahead and let the shield absorb the wilted plants as we worked. BioPlant Shield: conditions met PlantRiwe Shield: conditions met Mandragora Shield: conditions met BioPlant Shield: ability locked: equip bonus: plant reform Special Effect: Hook PlantRiwe Shield: ability locked: equip bonus: intermediate compounding recipes 2 Mandragora Shield: ability locked: equip bonus: plant analysis The plant-type shield unlocked a tree that connected to the others. It looked like there were other things I could access as well, but the tree hadn’t advanced enough. Plant Reform? I’d received an interesting-looking ability from the BioPlant, but I’d have to experiment a little to see how it worked. An icon appeared that indicated I should select a seed to imbue with magic. I decided to try it on one of the BioPlant seeds that I had just picked up. The seed slowly rose and floated in the air.    Special Abilities: propagation 9, production 9, vitality 9, immunity 4, intelligence 1, growth 9, mutation 9 What was this all about? I decided to put the seed down. There was a quick series of beeps, and the numbers fell quickly. Hm… I didn’t understand. I decided to try lowering some stats and raising just one. Special Abilities: propagation 1, production 1, vitality1, immunity 1, intelligence 1, growth 43, mutation 1 Oh, okay, so I just had to focus on raising the growth stat. Oh, hey now—when I used the skill my magic power dropped dramatically. Mr. %Name%? I dropped the modified BioPlant seed on a dry patch of ground nearby. Woah! Nearly instantaneously, the ground was split and covered in green vines. But… Huh? The plant grew to be about three meters in size before suddenly drying up. What are you doing? I got this new ability, Plant Reform, and I wanted to try it out on this seed here. You shouldn’t do such dangerous things! %char1% was upset with me. Whatever. Had I watched someone do what I’d done, I’d probably have been angry too. But what an ability it was! If I gave serious thought to it, I could probably make a real miracle seed. Mr. %Name%… that’s a weird smile on your face. Damn… she’d found me out. Anyway, let’s head back to the village.    Okay. We turned our backs on the newly silent, brown land and made for the camp. Thank you so much, Hero! People were all about cash. After I saved their village, here they were, waving to me. Still, the village would take a lot of cleaning before it was livable again. It would be a lot of work. We spent the rest of the day disposing of the wilted plants. The main body of the plants had wilted away, but the fruits and potatoes they’d produced seemed just fine. They would have food for a while here. But I was a little worried about the soil. Had the plants sucked all the nutrients from it? Well, this is the opposite of a famine, isn’t it? I suppose so, yes. In the near future, this village might need to pack up and move on. I was thinking it over, and it inspired me to look deeper into this Plant Reform ability. I still didn’t know what it meant by special ability. I tried to look it up, and an icon appeared saying that I needed the plant analysis ability. That had been part of the Mandragora Shield, so I would have to wait for the ability to unlock. I actually thought that the Mandragora Shield abilities would unlock faster, so I switched my shield to the Mandragora Shield before I went to bed. When I woke up the next morning, the ability had been unlocked, so I switched back to the BioPlant Shield and tried my hand at plant reformation again. Special Abilities: propagation 9, production 9, vitality 9, immunity 4, intelligence 1, growth 9, mutation 9, Dried Seed Growth: mutation range expansion    I was starting to get it… This must have been the abilities of the BioPlant. It must have meant that the seed was developed to produce a lot of food, but its mutation rating was so high that it got out of control. To think, the old alchemist had gone out of his way to leave that message of warning too… he couldn’t have been all bad. And the immunity rating was low, which must be why the weed killer had been effective. I looked for the special ability icon, and when I selected it a number of different options appeared, along with a few special messages. It was possible to sacrifice or augment different attributes. It would be a real shame if the village had to return to its days of famine. So I decided to experiment a little. Propagation…4. This was simple. It was just how quickly the plant spread. It seemed too high, so I lowered it. Production…15. This, no doubt, controlled how much food the plant produced. It should be high enough to solve the famine. Vitality…6. This would help the plant grow in any type of soil. I lowered it a little. Immunity…4. This was how the plant fought off disease. At the current level, weed killer worked fine. So I left it where it was. Intelligence…1. What was this supposed to be? A monster’s intelligence? Why would you want to raise this? Growth…15. This was how quickly the plant would grow once planted. I raised the level. Mutation…1. This must have been what turned the plants into monsters. Special Abilities: I unchecked the box that would expand the range of mutation and decided to add the ability of quality improvement. Dried Seed Growth: quality improvement There. I’m done. What did you do?    %char1% was fighting off a yawn when she replied to me. Oh, I’m just working a bit more on that thing from yesterday. You’re still working on that? Well, we can’t just leave things the way that they are. If we did, the famine would just come back. So we had to do something to stop it. I thought about going to another village and buying food for the place, but there were too many people living here to make that a viable option. It would be hard to get them to pack up and move… considering how settled they were here. Okay then… I climbed down from the carriage and dropped the seed into some dry soil. It happened so quickly. A large plant emerged from the seed and covered a portion of the wilted, brown village. What the hell is going on?! Villagers that had been resting came over to us in shock. Oh, yeah—sorry. I’m just experimenting a little. What are you doing? They must have been afraid of the plants, because their voices wavered as they asked. I’m trying to turn this into a safe version of what it was. I’d set the propagation level low, so once the plant reached its size it wouldn’t spread beyond a certain range. And then… Red, juicy, tomato-like fruits popped into view all over the vine. The majority of the fruits looked just like tomatoes. Looks like I was successful. Woah… The main problem is that’s really only making one kind of fruit now. It’s up to you whether or not you want to use it. But if you don’t want it then make sure you to take care of it before things get out of control. So the mutation and mutation range expansion were the real problems… they allowed you to grow a lot of different kinds of fruit, but at the risk of the plants turning into monsters. I sprinkled weed killer over the plant and it returned to a seed. I picked it up and gave it to a man who seemed to be the governor.    All right, we’re out of here. Later. %char2% woke up and stuffed her cheeks with the remaining tomatoes before taking her place at the front of the carriage. Wait just a minute! Huh? What? We haven’t shown our gratitude yet, so please take this… Those idiots… They just tried to pass their excess onto me. Didn’t they? I…I don’t know. Our carriage was now three cars long. %char2% pulled the front carriage, but now we had two additional carts hooked to the back that were loaded down with fruits and vegetables from the BioPlant. They’d given us the carts and the food, probably because it would have all rotted if they didn’t get rid of it. They just passed it off on me and even had the gall to ask me to come back anytime. Their faces were beaming when they gave it all to me, so I wasn’t going to refuse it. Even still, I couldn’t help but feel that they were just foisting their problems off on me. Oh, and by the way, even though we were three full carts now, %char2% had no problem at all pulling us. It’s so heavy, I love it! %char2%lials sure were weird monsters. Our carriage rattled down the idyllic road, and our journey went on. But this all had me thinking. I could use this weed killer as a weapon, right? If so, I was determined to try it on any Torrents that we came across. But when I got my chance, it didn’t work at all. Apparently it would only work on plants that had parasitic tendencies. These rules were seeming more random by the minute. Maybe the BioPlant wasn’t really a monster at all but just a plant. Whatever, it didn’t matter. With how strong %char2% and %char1% were getting, I didn’t need to worry about attacking by myself. The first thing we needed to do was figure out a way to get rid of all this food. The last thing I wanted was it rotting on me. But hey—%char2% was chomping it down so quickly… maybe it wouldn’t be an issue at all. Where should we go next?    We were talking it over and trying to figure out where we should go next when we started to hear rumors about a land to the east that was having problems with some kind of infectious disease. So we decided to make a bunch of medicine and head in that direction. All right, we’re going east! Okay!       We ended up camping that night. We had left all the food just sitting in the carts, but %char2% seemed to be having her way with it, so we’d just leave it like that for a while. During the time we had spent on the road, we heard rumors of another famine in the North. We decided to take a detour to the southwest to pick up more food. They would have trouble keeping it anyway, and we could probably sell it for a good price. I’m hungry! %char2% stuck her head under the tarp we’d covered the carts with and started fishing around for food. Oh, Yummmmmmmmies! I’d heard that before. %char2% had finished with her growth spurt but still ate a ton of food. The amount she went through every day was pretty unbelievable. She paid for it by pulling us all down the road at a brisk pace. It was almost too brisk, really. We had to stop and make repairs to the carts relatively frequently. What happened? I thought about changing out the wooden parts for metal ones. %char2% was always complaining about how light things were. But thinking about the improved durability made me wonder just how much it would end up costing.     %char1% had started to get over her motion sickness, but %char2% ran over all the dips and jumps in the road so quickly that most of our passengers ended up puking. We should probably add springs or something to the axels, something to cushion all the shocks. We’d made quite a lot of money recently. I was looking forward to visiting the weapon shop. After spending some time wandering around the country, I could now say with certainty that that old guy had the best weapon shop in the whole kingdom. I didn’t know where the other heroes were getting their equipment, but in all of my travels I had yet to come across even one shop that was as good as his was. Master! Ugh… %char2% ran over and leaned on me with her heavy wings. Ehehehe. Ugh… %char1%, for some reason, sidled up close to me. He, he, he… We’re all so warm and cuddly. I’m hot, actually. %char2%, you back away. If you back off then we’ll be super comfortable. No! %char1% should back away! You can’t just keep Master all to yourself. I’m not keeping him all to myself! Both of you go the hell to sleep! But… But we should sleep together! Masterrrrrr! I went over our stocks of medicine and soon realized that we were not going to have enough. I quickly began working to make more. It bothered me that there was no way to know whether or not I’d made enough… but I guess that’s just part of the job. Bu…. %char2% sulked and dragged her feet as she went outside. At the same time, %char1% climbed into the carriage. I guess it beat sleeping on the hard ground.    All right. It was my turn to watch the fire, so I sat down and starting working on my compounding. Mr. %Name%. Huh? I turned to look at the carriage. %char1% was there in the back, motioning for me to come over. What is it? Let’s sleep together. Not you too! You two sure are needy. Did you have a bad dream or something? She used to have such bad dreams that she couldn’t sleep without someone there next to her. Granted, she had good reasons for having bad dreams. Considering how she’d lost her parents and all that. I did not! She protested. But no matter how much she might look like an adult, she was still a kid on the inside. She must have wanted a parental figure. That’s not it? You should get %char2% to turn into a girl, then you can sleep with her if you are lonely. It’s not that I’m lonely, exactly. %char1%, suddenly embarrassed, turned her eyes to the floor. That reminds me, just when did she stop crying in the night? It felt like a very long time ago. Mr. %Name%… Back in your own world… Was there anyone you… liked? Huh? No. What the hell was she talking about? I had no idea what she wanted. What’s up with you? Nothing. I… Mr. %Name%? What do you think of me? Huh? Ugh… Suddenly an image of the Bitch flashed through my mind, and I was pissed off. It wasn’t %char1%’s fault though. Why did I have to think of that Bitch at a time like this? I didn’t understand it myself. I feel like I work you too hard. That I push you too hard for a slave. Anything else?    I want to raise you to become a great person. You know, I want to take over for your parents. I answered, but my tone of voice made it clear that I was a little confused by all the questioning. %char1% was making a weird face too. You said that you believed in me so… So I kind of think of you like my daughter. I want to take care of you. We hadn’t been together for all that long when you thought of it as a period of time. But I had known her since she was very small. Like I’ve just mentioned, she looked like an adult now, but on the inside she was still a kid. She was trying really hard to act like an adult, but without someone there to protect her, there were definitely things that she wouldn’t be able to handle on her own. Oh, um… Okay! But wait, isn’t that kind of weird?! It’s not weird. We have a long day tomorrow. Get some sleep. Okay. She nodded and smiled, but I could tell she was still turning some doubt over in her mind. She slipped back into the carriage and tried to get some sleep. I, for one, turned back to my compounding work. Oh, that reminds me: As we’d been traveling around, we still were fighting monsters. We’d leveled up a bit lately. %Name%: Level 37 %char1%: Level 39 %char2%: Level 38 Now even %char2% was stronger than I was. Why did I level up so slowly? No, it was just because the two of them were both attackers. And %char2% was so quick and agile she could take enemies out in the blink of an eye. That was why she was leveling up so quickly. %char1%, too, rushed into combat—even to the point of ignoring my orders. Even still, she wasn’t as fast as %char2%. Master! What is it, %char2%? I was still working on my compounding when a sleepy %char2% reverted to her human form and came to lean against me.    Master! Aren’t you sleepy yet? I haven’t finished compounding all this medicine yet. I’ll sleep once I finish with this stuff. Oh… You get some rest. You’re working the most out of all of us, after all. Even if she said that she liked pulling the carriage, that didn’t change the fact that it was still hard physical labor. She said it was easy, but I still needed to think about her health. Aren’t you lonely, being awake all by yourself? It’s all in how you think about it. I can watch you two sleep, and then I’m not so lonely myself. Really? Ahahaha. %char2% looked happy, and she giggled to herself. She didn’t seem very exited though. Maybe I was just imagining it. What is it? Master…. Well, if you aren’t lonely when you watch me sleep, then that’s good! What the hell? Um… Master? What were you thinking about when you chose me? What? I hadn’t really been thinking of anything. I chose her at random. Even further: I’d picked the egg thinking that I didn’t care whether or not I got what I was looking for. You know what? I feel really lucky that I got picked by you. Well, when you think about it, I felt pretty lucky too. She was a strong attacker. She was fun to have around, and cute too, and I felt myself growing parental to her too. I couldn’t deny that. Both %char2% and %char1% were still just kids, even if they were on their way to looking like adults. I knew that I really shouldn’t have them fighting for me. It didn’t matter what world we were in—regardless of the world, no one with a good heart would push little girls to the front lines of battle. Did it even matter if they wanted it to be this way? I was in the wrong, and I knew it. What I really should have done, had it been possible, was to make a safe place for %char1% where she could escape the horrors of battle.    But the reality was that I wasn’t powerful enough to do that—and I didn’t have enough money. As for %char2%—she was a normal girl now, and I didn’t really have any business getting her to fight either. If we were free to do whatever we wanted, I’d just set her free. Monsters should get to do whatever they wanted to. Like… pull carriages? I guess that wasn’t so different from what we were actually doing. Whatever… However you looked at it, I was the bad guy. Hey, you know what I heard? I heard that I was cheap. Huh? %char2% just stated talking. The day I had left her at the slave trader’s tent, she’d reached out her hands for where I’d been and was crying and calling for me. The slave trader had whispered to himself: It’s so strange… That egg I sold him was just some cheap thing… Why had it mutated so much? Qweh?! The slave trader might not have known that %char2% could understand human speech, so he had just blurted it out to an assistant of his. Let’s double check this. This %char2%lial was from two flightless birds… and was supposed to be raised for her meat, correct? The assistant nodded. Well, the egg was worth 50 pieces of silver… same as an adult specimen… Gwehhhhhh! %char2% had flapped her wings in anger once she found out how little she was worth. She started balking. Is this all from the Hero’s power? Or is it because of the monster’s meat she ate? She’s turning all white too… Yes… if we are careful here, we could make a lot of money. What should we do with this %char2%lial? We need to study her. Just think—a 50 pieces of silver specimen has advanced this much! What would happen if we supplied the Hero with a higher quality sample? We could make even more money. The worst we could do is fix our weaker specimens and sell them for a higher price… but    think what we could do if we gave him a better %char2%lial… or even better yet… a dragon! Qwehhhhhhhhhhhhhh?! Oh no! The cage! %char2% had gotten so upset that she broke her cage. I guess she wanted to show off how powerful she was… especially considering the way they were talking about her. She wanted me to decide what she was worth. She’d do anything I asked. If I didn’t, she didn’t understand where she fit into the world. She wanted, more than anything, to emphasize that she was MY %char2%lial. Master… Don’t abandon me. I want to stay with you… Her eyes were filled with tears. I tried to calm her down. If you behave yourself, I won’t abandon you. I had just chosen her at random, but you could also say that because of my actions she was now faced with a different fate than she would have had. I wondered if she could have been bought by a normal customer and just lived her days out on a farm somewhere. Granted, if she was raised for her meat, it wouldn’t have been an ideal life, but maybe that’s just what life was like for %char2%lials. When you think about it that way, it was all my fault. It was my fault that she had to throw herself into battle like this. Was that… Happiness? Being chosen for some role without your input is a tough hand to be dealt. I knew that first-hand. Who had asked me to be the Shield Hero? You promise? If I break my leg or something, you won’t sell me off and buy yourself a new girl? Yeah, I promise. And I don’t lie… normally. Yeah, you’re good. Yes! I’ll do my best. I hope so. And then she leaned against my back and started snoring. C’mon… What was she so afraid of? I suppose the real root of the problem was me. Sticking with %char1% and me, she must have been growing used to being told how awful we are, and never getting a word of thanks.    Maybe she was afraid that I would think she was worthless, like the rest of the country seemed to consider us? Maybe she’d been afraid of that from the beginning. But I was the one who was really afraid. What if %char1% and %char2% just decided they didn’t want to fight anymore? I was contradicting myself. The only reason that I was able to fight was because %char1% and %char2% were there with me. Maybe, originally, they didn’t have to fight at all. But when I chose them from the slave trader’s place, I changed their fates. That was why I needed to think about my responsibility to them. Once the world was at peace, I’d have to make a place for them, a place where they could live out their days happily. We arrived in the eastern territory. The trees were all wilted and cracking, and the air felt heavy. It wasn’t supposed to be particularly cold there, but the sky was black, and the whole land seemed bathed in darkness. I looked to the sky, which was covered in a thick layer of clouds. We were approaching a mountain range. It felt ominous. Um… We reached a fork in the road and stopped to check the map. %char2%, head toward the mountains. Okay! Both of you get some cloth to cover your mouths—just in case. There’s supposed to be a disease spreading around here. Okay. I covered my own mouth with a strip of cloth as well, and readied my nerves for defense, in case we needed that. We made for the farming village. To simply describe the village: It was dark. The sky was covered in thick clouds, and the whole village was black and dark. Are you a merchant? I hate to… tell you this but… our village is very sick. You should escape… cough… while you can. A miserable looking villager told us about the situation in between coughs. I know about all that. We’ve come to sell you medicine.    Have you? Wonderful! The villager took off running, telling everyone that a medicine man had arrived. Honestly, the place was looking pretty bad. I wasn’t sure if we would have enough medicine to take care of everyone. As if to further stimulate my insecurity, a wave of village voices swelled, calling for medicine. The bird-god carriage! We’re saved! Oh no… With all these expectations, what if my medicine didn’t work? They’d lose all trust in me. Oh well. Who needs medicine? I climbed down from the carriage, explaining that my medicine was most effective when administered by myself. Over here, Beloved Saint. Man, they were calling me a saint right from the get go… Something about it made me uncomfortable. Even still, it was better than being the despised Shield Hero. They led me to a long building filled with sick people. The building itself stood apart from the other buildings in the village. A cemetery stood behind the building, and there were a number of fresh graves there. If I said that it smelled like death, you would know what I meant, that horrible atmosphere that hangs around hospitals and graveyards. I was confident that it was all the same. I wasn’t sure if my medicine would solve the problem here. They were only intermediate recipes, so I shouldn’t be overconfident with them. If the medicine didn’t work, there was no back-up plan. Or no… It would be expensive, but I could administer more expensive medicines to them. I wished I could be more flexible with my products. I wish that I could make stronger medicines, even if it meant struggling through another book. It was better than running out of options. The next time I passed that apothecary, I’d have to ask if he would sell me a book of higher-level recipes. Please, help my wife!    Sure. There was a woman there, coughing endlessly. I pulled her into a seating position and gave her some medicine. Poof… A glowing light appeared radiating out from her center. Color returned to her face. Excellent. It must have worked. Next! I raised my eyes to see the villager standing there, a look of astonishment on his face. What is it? I… um… The man pointed to a child lying down next to the woman. The child had been coughing, just like the woman, but now the coughing had suddenly stopped. Why? Did he die? I leaned closer to check to see if the child was breathing. He was. Good, he was still alive. But the child had been coughing so violently only a moment earlier. Now he appeared very calm. What happened? When you, Beloved Saint, healed my wife, at the very same time, my child’s coughing stopped. Hm… could that have been because of the medicine efficacy range expansions (small) ability? Expanding the range of a medicine… now that was an awesome ability. It seemed like the medicine would be effective on anybody within a radius of one meter. This shield had access to all sorts of tricky specs hidden away, didn’t it? But I bet that the ability wouldn’t help very much in a battle because how often were we within a meter of one another in battle? The enemy would have to be pretty weak. Well that makes things easy! Anyone that needs healing, crowd around! This medicine will work on anyone within this circle here. We can cure everyone at once. Hurry up! Yes sir!    There weren’t enough people there to help, so %char1% and %char2% helped carry the sick to the center of the room, where I administered medicine to someone in the center. It helped us save medicine, and it was easy and fast. With that one bottle, we’d managed to heal the entire building’s worth of patients. After some time had gone by, we realized that while everyone’s symptoms had improved, no one had completely recovered from the disease. I wasn’t sure what to do about that. I suppose that’s about all I can do with the medicine I’ve got. Thank you so much! It was nice to have some gratitude, but I honestly wasn’t totally satisfied with my results. There was still a risk of infection, and we hadn’t managed to eradicate the disease. Can you tell me where this disease came from? Is it endemic? Or is it contagious, and you caught it from a traveler? If the medicines I had weren’t able to cure it, then it must have been a pretty severe disease. Who knows when we would catch it ourselves? In the worst case, we’d have to turn tail and get the hell out of there. Well, a doctor told us that the disease blew down on the wind from those mountains over there. Those mountains are full of monsters though. Tell me more. You can ask him yourself. In my world, a doctor would have understood science and how to use it to cure people. Here, a doctor used magic to the same effect. He had been working in the village for a while, trying to compound a medicine that would be effective on this new disease. Just as we’d arrived, he was holed up in that building with the patients, and he helped us out. Hey, can you make better medicine than an apothecary? Yes, I’m making some right now. And yet, after seeing what you, Saint, were able to do with your own medicines, and the dramatic improvement among the villagers, I don’t think my own project is necessary anymore. I’d get back to that as soon as you can. We haven’t managed to completely cure the disease, which means it will probably come back. Yes sir!    Wait. The doctor had run back to his tools and was about to enthusiastically throw himself back into his work when I called for him to wait. You said that this disease came down on the wind from the mountains. Why do you think so? Yes, well… about a month ago the Sword Hero was in these lands, and he slew a powerful dragon that had his territory in those mountains. Oh yeah… I think I had heard something about that. Dragons typically make their nests far from human villages but this was a strange dragon. What does that have to do with anything? Well, at the time, a great number of adventurers gathered here to watch the Sword Hero work. They climbed the mountain afterwards, and everyone took pieces of the dragon with them. I guess you could make really good weapons and equipment from dragon materials… I was a little jealous, actually. And? This is where it gets good. Everything was fine until the adventurers stripped the dragon down to its bones. It actually brought quite a lot of money to this poor village. The problem started when the dragon’s remains started to rot. Some adventurers went to see the body, and they came back sick. So the dragon’s body is the source of all this sickness? I believe so. If they had gone up there to strip off what would be good for equipment then I can imagine what was left. The meat. No matter how awesome a dragon was, a dead dragon’s meat would rot just like anything else. There might have been connoisseurs out there that would have a little interest in the meat, but the majority of it would be left to rot. I’d read in stories that dragon meat was so delicious, that nothing would go to waste. But by the standards of this world, who knew? Maybe it was poisonous or something? Then there would be the organs. Livers rot very quickly.    Ren would have been after more useful materials, so I am sure they left the organs there. What about the heart? I felt like the heart was sure to have some sort of magical purpose. If you know what the problem is, why don’t you take care of it? The mountains are crawling with powerful monsters. You’d have to be a pretty experienced adventurer to go in there and hope to come out. None of these famers are able to undertake such a task. Then why not get an adventurer to help you? By the time we noticed, the whole ecology of the mountain range was thrown off balance. The air turned to poison, and the sickness is so strong— normal adventurers would never make it out. Not that they come anyway. Everyone is afraid of the disease, and no one comes by anymore. Dammit, Ren… I sure wished he would clean up his own mess. Ren was the youngest of us heroes. Had I been a high schooler, I probably wouldn’t have given any thought to the lingering effects of dead dragon either. These effects wouldn’t happen in the games he was used to, so I suppose it was to be expected. What should we do, Beloved Saint? Did you send a report to the Crown? Yes, we are waiting on a medicine delivery. What about the… heroes? They are very busy, so we are probably not a high priority for them. Whether it be %char6% or %char5% or Ren… it didn’t matter. They all pissed me off. Have you already sent money to the Crown for their support? Yes… If you cancel, will the money be returned? The doctor caught my eye and looked at me straight and deep. Are you going to take care of it, Beloved Saint? Well, if it is going to be a while before the medicine arrives, I might as well. If I succeed, I’ll accept your payment. All right… Well, it should take another half-day, at least. Okay great. I’m going to go take care of the dragon remains. I will take the money that you previously sent to the crown. Yes sir.    And so we left for the mountains to see what we could do about the dragon remains.       Wow! There are so many monsters! The surrounding lands had always been pretty barren, but once we were in the mountains everything was crumbling boulders. There was a mountain path that led to the eastern countries, and because of it we were able to make progress, however slow. We had been climbing through the mountains for thirty minutes or so. I had brought restorative medicine, as well as healing medicine… and because the air was poisonous I also brought some antidote. Back in the village, before we left, I had declared my intention to leave the carriage behind. No! These carts are all filled with my most treasured memories! And %char2% threw a fit until we agreed to let her pull the carriage. How long had she even been alive? A month? And here she was telling me about life. But I guess she had been pulling that carriage for more than 90% of the life she had lived, so it was only natural that she would have grown attached. As for the monsters, there were a lot of poison trees, and poison frogs… basically a lot of poisonous things. After defeating them, I let the shield absorb what it could. Poison Tree Shield: conditions met Poison Frog Shield: conditions met Poison Bee Shield: conditions met Poison Fly Shield: conditions met All the shields were poison-types, and the status booster abilities they came with related to Poison Resistance. The only shield that broke the pattern was what I got from butchering the poison bee and letting the shield absorb the parts. Bee Needle Shield II: conditions not met    Equip Bonus: attack 1 Special Effect: Needle Shield (small), Bee Poison (poison) The defense rating hadn’t changed much from the original Bee Needle Shield, but its special effect had changed from paralysis to poison. But let’s put all this aside for a moment. There were tons of monsters around. We’d beat them down, and more would come. Then we would beat THEM down and even MORE would appear. The wind was full of disease, and it blew over the harsh landscape, which seemed to ooze poison from every crack and crevice. It would have been a difficult undertaking for an average adventurer. No matter how many we kill, there are more. %char2%! Get us out of here! Okay! %char2% leaned into it, and pulled at the carriage with all of her strength. Running at full speed, an enemy or two got trampled here or there in the process. So we were actually still gaining a little experience. Down the road we came upon a new monster that seemed to be made of mud, but %char2% kicked it to the ground so quickly that I never got a chance to let the shield absorb it. We made it. We’d found the dragon’s corpse, and the air reeked of rot and poison and death. The dragon was around ten meters and looked like what you picture when you think of a European dragon. Or must have looked like that before it had died. It was hard to make it out in its current state. It wasn’t even possible to tell what color it had been, as the rot and decay were so far advanced. Here and there blacked skin stuck to the bones. It appeared to have been killed by a single strike to its belly. There was a deep cut there with rotting organs spilling from the open wound. It smelled horrible. There were clouds of Poison Flies gathered over the rotting meat, and the whole place looked really creepy. I’m hungryyyyy! How can you look at this and say you’re hungry?!    %char2% stuck her head into the carriage and started fishing around for something to munch on. I looked in after her. %char1%, you okay? Yes. %char1% had always had weak lungs, so I was worried that the air quality would bother her. But she said that she was feeling fine. If you don’t feel good, make sure you lay down. Yes. We beat back the Poison Flies and inched closer to the dragon corpse. Ren and the other adventurers had already picked it over for materials. The horns and claws, scales, skin, and wings were pretty much gone. Even the tongue was gone. There was really only a pile of meat and bones left. The skin was gone too, as if they’d taken it in one giant sheet. The air smelled so bad we all twisted our noses up involuntarily. It was really awful. I had abilities that lent me some Poison Resistance, but I wondered if %char1% would be all right. %char2%, you take care of these flies while %char1% and I butcher what is left of the dragon. It’s too big to use right now. Had we buried it, it might continue to impact the land, and its rot could stay on the wind or in the water. No—better to absorb it into the shield and get rid of it. Okay. %char2% finished her carriage feast and nodded over her large, round belly. I feel kinda yucky. You ate too much. %char1% and I moved closer to the corpse to set our plan into motion. Rumble… Did I imagine that? Um… I could have sworn that the corpse had…twitched? It was probably an illusion caused by the shifting clouds of Poison Flies. Rumble… Nope. That was no illusion.    The dragon began to move, and quickly settled itself into a defensive posture. Gaooooooooooooh! The dragon had no claws or fangs, but it reared up and let out a ferocious roar. Why is this thing moving?! Mr. %Name%, you have to calm down! When the moving, dead dragon… the Zombie Dragon, reared up in front of me, I discovered that I was screaming. C’mon now, give me a break. No matter how you looked at it, this dragon was too strong for us to take down as we were! Zombie Dragons… I’d seen them in games before… and they were always stronger than the dragon had been before it died! Would it be the same in this world? The dragon rose to its feet, creaky and shaky, as all of its organs began to regenerate and resume their functions. Then it turned its face to us. Now it had wings, and its tail was thrashing. It’s claws and fangs would apparently take more time. The rotting meat turned into liquid and flowed over the body, only to reform itself into wings and a tail. The same process was happening to its internal organs. I looked, and the fatal wound on its belly had already closed. How were we supposed to fight this thing? We’re running! But %char2% has…! %char1% was frantically thrusting her finger in the direction of the Zombie Dragon. I’d forgotten! %char2%lials and dragons never got along! Hiyaaa! %char1% had dashed for the dragon and run up its neck to deliver a solid kick to the head. There was a loud and satisfying bash, and then the dragon began to bend over backwards. Can we… win? %char2% was a strong attacker, and this Zombie Dragon didn’t have any claws or fangs yet.    Maybe we could win. I found it hard to believe that this dead dragon could hold out for very long. And if we were to run from the beast now, there was a chance it might go on to attack the village. Just like when Ren beat the dragon, the dragon would revive and make this place his territory again. But he was still regenerating, so this was our chance. If we didn’t beat it now, the next adventurers wouldn’t stand a chance. Don’t be a fool! Back down! I don’t wanna! Dammit! All right, let’s take care of it! Okay! Things were fine for a moment. I switched to the Chimera Viper Shield for its defense, and with that and my defense rating, I was able to stave off the dragon’s attacks. But then… Gaooooooooooooh! Something in the belly swelled and moved up the throat. Then the beast opened its mouth and breathed a heavy purple gas in our direction. %char1% and %char2% did as we had agreed and rushed to hide behind my shield. I held up the shield to block off the billowing gas, but… Wh…What is this?! Cough! Cough! The breath was a thick and noxious poison. I had Poison Resistance, and even I found my head reeling and my breath coming in ragged gasps. %char1% began coughing violently behind me. %char2% was undeterred by the gas, or maybe she had been holding her breath. Regardless, she rushed forward and kicked hard at the dragon’s soft underside. R…%char1%! Are you okay? Cough Cough Cough! She was trying, through her tears, to say that she was all right. But she was unable to say anything. The coughing was too intense. This wasn’t good.    %char2% and I could fight, but %char1% was incapacitated. %char1%, get out of here. Head back to the carriage—there’s antidote in there. Take it and rest. Cough! %char1% fell into another coughing fit, but she desperately pointed at the dragon through the ragged coughs. I followed her gaze and was dumbfounded. The dragon had opened its wings and risen into the air, only to swoop down and scoop %char2% up into its mouth. The whole scene seemed to move in slow motion. I threw out my hand, but… Ah… Crunch! There was a deafening sound, and a wave of red liquid streamed from the dragon’s mouth. %char2%oooooooo! It was either %char1% or me that screamed, I don’t remember. Everything was a slow confusing blur, and I couldn’t be sure who was doing what. That selfish, childish little bird had only been alive for a month, but she’d wanted to be with me the whole time, she wanted me to spoil her. She didn’t want me to think her useless. She was just a little kid. Like a revolving light show, my memories of %char2% came flashing back to me. What had happened? What had… The dragon chewed heavily on its catch, and then… Gulp. With a loud sound, it swallowed. No! %char2%! My voice came wheezing from my mouth, and I stood still—shocked. It hurt. It hurt like I’d been kicked off a cliff. I feel like I finally understood what it meant to feel devastated, to feel hopeless. It wasn’t devastation that spurs you to action, or to revenge. It was deeper and sadder. It was the devastation that the clock couldn’t be turned back.    Mr. %Name%! %char1% turned to me and slapped me hard across the face. Get a hold of yourself! This isn’t the time to be distracted! Her eyes were filled with tears. She was yelling at me. She was saying that things would only get worse if we didn’t do something. But I couldn’t hear her. I was overcome with anger… anger at losing my close friend right before my eyes. You want power? I could hear a voice speaking to me from my shield. My eyes wandered down to look at the shield. I could hear the voice again. Do you hate everything? I felt my heart pound. I could feel darkness expanding from the depths of the shield. This had happened before, back when I had dueled with %char6%. The shield’s tree suddenly appeared before my eyes. The screen turned around, and the reverse was some color, almost red, almost black—with another tree on it. Curse Series. The phrase ran through my mind quickly. There was one shield listed on the tree that was shining. Curse Series: Shield of Rage: ability locked: equip bonus: skill Change Shield (attack), Iron Maiden Special Effect: Self Curse, Burning Strength up Born from the heart: Shield of Murder…    This shield came with its own description and instruction. I didn’t know if I had willed it, or if it had been involuntary. But I followed my heart and discovered that the shield was already in my hand. The Shield of Rage. A great outpouring of emotion came from the shield, and the shield emitted a strong red-black light as it changed form. The shield was covered in ominous looking flames, and it was bloodred. Thump… Thump… My whole being was covered in anger, steeped in anger… The last time, when I lost to %char6% and they were threatening to take %char1% away from me… when I had only hatred for everything in the world… Everything in the world had looked black and seemed to be made of shadows… shadows that mocked me and hated me.     I was overcome with that emotion. Gaooooooooooooh! An enormous black shadow turned to me and howled. It was reaching for me…. Haooooooooooooooooooooooooooooh!       As if to match the howling of the beast, I let out a scream and accepted its attack with my shield. It didn’t hurt at all. Gaah?! The black shadow had been laughing at me, mocking me, but now it contorted its mouth in confusion and shock. Hilarious. Die! I caught him by the arm and flung him away with all the strength I could muster. The huge shadow let out a shriek of surprise as it flew through the air Gaoooooh! But instead of realizing that it should think before attack me again, it rose to its feet and came running at me. I wondered…could I still not attack anyone? Even with this shield? I couldn’t. The beast turned and made to knock me over with a sweep of its tail. That won’t work!! The tail bounced off with an ineffectual clang. Its attacks wouldn’t work on me. Useless! I had no way to beat the monster. Or so I had thought. Suddenly a large whirlwind of black fire spiraled skyward with me at its center. It set the shadow’s tail and arms ablaze. GAOOH?! The shadow fell to the ground in surprise. Heh… If the attack is this strong, I wonder if it can counter-attack. The shadow was backing away from me, suddenly intimidated. Ha! Now you beg for your life?! You’ll get no forgiveness from me! I shouted the title of my new skill. Iron Maiden!    But the skill did not activate. Rather, the skill tree appeared before my eyes. Shield Prison: Change Shield (attack): Iron Maiden What was this? There were conditions on its use? What a pain. If that was how it was, I’d just let the shadow attack me and try to get a counter-attack to activate. Just you wait… I’ll kill you for sure! As I approached, the shadow behaved as though it was afraid of my anger, my murderous intention. It flung its arms about wildly. Its arm connected with the shield and suddenly burst into flames. The meat burned up, and the bones melted. The flames weren’t strong enough. I wanted to completely eradicate the beast. ! I got it! The Shield of Rage was stronger the more enraged I was. The attack would rise, the crazier I felt. Well, that was easy for me. All I needed to do was think about how THEY made me feel. %char3% Sufia… I guess her real name was Malty. Just thinking of her name filled me with rage. Next was the Trash… Then %char6%, Ren, %char5%… I went over all that they had done to me, one memory at a time… I hated them… I wanted to kill them… The blood-red shield was reacting to my hatred and turning black. This time I’ll really kill them… All of them… I caught the shadow by the arm and turned all my hatred into glowing coals. The coals flew out from the shield and completely covered the shadow, swallowing it whole. Then I felt something, right there on my hand, something warm. My black hatred started to melt away. Thump… It was… kind…    Even if the whole world turns against you I won’t. I’ll say it, time and again: Mr. %Name%didn’t do it. What? At the sound of the voice, the darkened, warped world before me began to waver. Somewhere in my heart, I knew that giving myself over to anger would result in losing something even more important. I wanted to ignore it… and yet… Please, believe me. I have confidence in Mr. %Name%. He hasn’t committed any crime. He gave me medicine and saved my life. He taught me how to fight, how to survive. He is the great Shield Hero. I am your sword. No matter how hard the path, I’ll walk it with you. The voice was whispering to me. I can’t allow myself to be swallowed by hatred. I still had things I needed to protect. Your anger weakens… I can’t forget it. But… But I want to give myself over to those who believe in me. Would you refuse me? I don’t like orders. I’ll choose my own path! I’m always watching. Watching for your weakness. The dark voice vanished, and some light returned to the world. Cough! Cough! I came back to my senses. %char1% was next to me, coughing violently, and holding my hand in hers. Are you all right? Yes… Yes, I’m…. fine. Cough! She’d been burned badly. But there were no enemies here that used fire. What could it… No! The special effect of the Shield of Rage, Self Curse, it must have hurt her too! %char1%! Why were you holding onto my hand?! I thought that you… That you would disappear if I… If I didn’t… Cough! %char1% smiled, then collapsed to the ground.    It was my fault… My fault that %char1% was hurt! I am in the source of all power. Hear my words and understand them, heal her! First Heal! I am in the source of all power. Hear my words and understand them, heal her! First Heal! I am in the source of all power. Hear my words and understand them, heal her! First Heal! I am in the source of all power. Hear my words and understand them, heal her! First Heal! I kept casting the spell until I ran out of magic power. %char1%… %char1% was the only person who believed in me. She was important to me! The burns were bad. My low-level magic wasn’t enough to heal them. I ran to the carriage to get the healing ointment. Gaoooooooh! I spun to see the dragon there, howling and swinging his burned arm at me and preparing to unleash its poison breath. Out of my way! I threw my arm up to catch the Zombie Dragon’s attack. When I did, the shield began to shine with a black light and nearly activated the Self Curse Burning skill. Stop! The shield fell silent at my shout. Had the flames erupted then and there, they would have killed %char1%. That wouldn’t be good at all. But with how weak %char1% was, I didn’t know if she could survive a blast from its poison breath. As if the shield knew what I was thinking, it activated the Self Curse Burning, but only burned the streaming cloud of poison gas. It wasn’t strong enough to actually kill the dragon though. What to do? The shield was constantly absorbing my hatred and anger, inflaming them. I was able to keep from being completely swallowed by them only    with an enormous effort. How long before I was consumed by it? But right now, I had to get to the carriage and get medicine for %char1%. My need to protect %char1% was just barely strong enough to keep the anger at bay. Gah?! We were trading blows and then, in the middle of the fight, the dragon let out a terrible voice of confusion and pain. Wh…What the… What was happening? Did this mean that the Self Curse Burning was consuming the dragon? Gaooooooooooh!!! Finally, the Zombie Dragon stopped moving altogether and returned to its skeletal form. But this was no time to stand back and reflect on the battle. The clouds of Poison Flies were nowhere to be seen. The raging dragon must have scared them off. I held %char1% against myself, ran for the carriage, found the healing ointment and quickly applied it to her burns. Then I gave her the antidote. Oh… Mr. %Name%… Her breathing had grown more regular, and she opened her eyes and smiled. Are you all right?! Yes… Thanks to your medicine… And yet her wounds still looked pretty bad. The wounds themselves seemed to have shrunk and healed over from the medicine, but there were black scars remaining, maybe because of the black magic the shield had used. Anyway, the burns still didn’t look very good. Don’t… worry about me… take care of the dragon. The dragon isn’t moving anymore. Oh… then… then hurry and get rid of the skeleton. Okay. Her eyes were insistent, desperate. They drove the point home: I had to do something. Are you okay staying here for now? I can protect myself if I need to.    Good… Good. I climbed down from the carriage and walked in the direction of the dragon corpse. I needed to butcher it and get the shield to absorb it all. And %char2%… At the very least I wanted to recover her body and give her a proper burial. I approached the corpse and could see that the internal organs were still twitching and squirming. What was going on? There might be a way for me to fight it. The Shield of Rage. This dangerous shield that threatened to consume my heart also happened to have a fantastic defense rating and a strong counter attack. My heart couldn’t take it, so I had switched my shield back to the Chimera Viper Shield. But I was ready to switch back at any time… if I needed to. The wriggling internals moved, then stopped, then they shook with such force I thought the stomach would tear… then… then I could see… Huff! It was… a bird that I knew on its side. She was covered in the rotted liquid of the dead dragon. Huff! I finally made it out! %char2% seemed to be in a good mood, and just fine, despite climbing from the stomach of the beast that had eaten her. %char2%?! Are you all right? Are you hurt?! I’m fine! Then… Then what was all that blood when the dragon ate you? Blood? Oh, yeah, when the dragon swallowed me it pushed on my tummy, and I threw up. What had she been eating? Oh yeah, all those tomatoes! That must have looked like blood. That’s right… She’d been stuffing her face with them for hours. Don’t scare me like that! I thought you were dead! An attack like that? That didn’t hurt one bit! This bird was a monster. I guess she really was a monster. Man… She’d really given me a scare. Master, were you worried about me?    Whatever. Master! You’re embarrassed! Want me to give the eulogy at your funeral? No! But I’m happy! Don’t you start thinking about buying a replacement for me! Right… Well, she was okay. %char2% stood there smiling, which annoyed me. She better remember all this. Anyway, what happened? Well, the dragon swallowed me, and then when I was in his tummy I walked around and found this weird, glowing purple crystal. Could it be that the dead dragon was reanimated by this purple crystal? %char2% had ripped her way out of the corpse. In its chest… Could it have been the heart? But why? Because it was a dragon? Even though it was dead, could it be that the dragon’s latent magical power had gathered in the heart and crystallized? So what was with the crystal? Ugh! Blech! I guess that was the answer… she’d eaten it. Her stomach looked like it was glowing too. Geez… I could have hit her. There was a little left over. Does Master want a snack? She held out her little wing, and there was a purple crystal shard there in her hand. What the hell? I broke it in half and the let the shield absorb it. I knew it… My tree wasn’t advanced enough to unlock anything. %char1% is hurt, so you and I are going to clean up this dragon. Okay! I swear… This bird was going to put me in the madhouse. Good think I didn’t let myself get consumed by anger. I’d switched to the Curse Shield to avenge %char2%, but I’d almost been completely consumed by hatred. If %char1% hadn’t stopped me, I would have burned the dragon completely… and burned %char2% too.    Rage… That shield was cursed. It took me over to accomplish its own ends. Had I let it take me over, I would have gone on to kill the other heroes when I finished with the dragon. Yummy! %char2%! That meat is rotten, don’t eat it! Meat that’s just starting to rot is the best kind, Master! It’s not ‘just starting,’ it’s completely rotten! We kept on cleaning in our half-hearted, playful way. Soon enough, the dragon was gone. I’d absorbed everything I could, but the tree wasn’t advanced enough to unlock anything. Even still, the bones and skin seemed like they would be useful materials, so I took a portion of them and loaded up the carriage.    Epilogue: As a Shield…   Yes, it’s a curse. We returned to the village and rushed to the doctor to see if we could get treatment for %char1%. It’s also very strong. The mountain dragon was in possession of such a powerful curse? Well… No… Actually… I wasn’t sure if I should be honest about what happened. I was at a loss. Yes, I accidentally let the dragon’s meat touch me, and it burned me like this… %char1% spoke out and caught my eye as if to confirm that it would be our secret. Can you do anything for her? We can pay whatever you need. %char1% was a girl. She didn’t deserve to go through life covered with these dark, horrible scars. Well, there is one thing… The doctor went back into his room and returned with a bottle that was filled with a clear liquid. This is very strong… I don’t know if it will heal her though. What is it? Holy water. Curses are best removed by holy power… Oh… The Shield of Rage would not only hurt its victims, it would curse their wounds so that they wouldn't heal. It was sounding more and more dangerous. It was imbued with a counter attack that didn’t distinguish between enemy and ally. And I’d seen the shield’s tree, and it had not progressed at all. It had only been for a short time, but now I knew that I couldn’t unlock that shield. We’ll soak these bandages in holy water for now… He did so, then took the sopping bandages and wrapped them around %char1%’s dark scars.    I can’t say for sure if this will work… If you are able to, you should go to a large city and procure yourself some holy water made by the church. How much would we need to heal her? Honestly… the curse is very strong. I don’t know if you can cure it… how did the dragon…? It had been me… It was my fault. But apparently the curse was strong enough that people would believe that it was done by a dragon. Ok… How much medicine have you made? I’ve just made a little. Beloved Saint, please help the sick. Sure. I left %char1% with the doctor and went to the building that was filled with sick people. You could tell that the medicine had been made by a professional. It completely healed the disease that I had been unable to take care of with my own medicine. I watched the patients there, sleeping soundly, and felt relieved. I wanted strength… I wanted to be strong enough that I wouldn’t have to depend on that shield. I wanted to be able to heal people, not curse them! It was because of my weakness. That was the root of it. I hated my weakness. %char2% had survived. She was fine. But there would be a time when she wasn’t, when she would need me. When she vanished from before my eyes, I completely lost myself. I let the thought linger in my mind. This was no game. If someone dies, they won’t come back to life. I found myself staring at the cemetery behind the building. They’d betrayed me… tricked me! That was even more reason for me to… to protect the people who believed in me. I went back to the doctor’s and found %char1% sitting there, wrapped in bandages. I apologized. I’m sorry. It’s okay. But I… I was more afraid of you leaving… of you going somewhere far away from me.    What? That power, it wants to take you somewhere far way. That’s what I felt, anyway. So if I was able to stop you, to keep you here, then these scrapes are a fair price to pay. She smiled, and I felt a sharp pang of emotion. I had to protect her. I HAD to. I made up my mind never to lose myself to that shield. And then… I realized that running from loss… That running from loss was a kind of loss itself. %char1%… You jumped into battle to prevent this, didn’t you? What? When we fought the dragon, I ordered you to retreat. But if you had, you couldn’t have protected me. I’d been wrong. Just protecting… just running… wouldn’t be enough. All I could do was protect. But… But as I protected them, I need to make sure the enemies were defeated… so that I wouldn’t lose my friends. All this… all this pain was because I wanted to run from loss. You’re wrong! I … I ran ahead for you, to satisfy myself. %char1% leaned forward and forcefully rejected my theory. Courage and recklessness are not the same thing. I’ve been reckless, and you kept trying to reign me in to protect me… But I… But I… Without even thinking about it I reached out and touched her cheek. A tear raced over my fingers. Just like courage and recklessness are different, so are caution and cowardice. You’re no coward. No one can protect a coward. So I wanted to lead the charge. I wanted to stand at the front so that I might protect %char2% and %char1%. Back on the mountain, had I been at the front, I could have sent out an Air Strike Shield, and %char2% could have used it as a springboard. Then the dragon wouldn’t have eaten her. I was afraid of losing her. So don’t worry about it. Look at how much practice we got, and we didn’t lose anyone. We can use what we’ve learned in the future. We’re stronger today then we were yesterday. %char1%’s eyes filled with tears, and she nodded along.    Yes… Don’t rush too far ahead… Don’t hang too far back… It’s a difficult balance. It is, but I think we can do it. Just remember that the Shield Hero, that’s me, stands at the front of the line. Protect yourself, and if you find yourself free, protect others. That’s easy. When you put it that way, it does sound easy. It will be easy. Is Big-Sister okay? %char2% had stuck her head into the room, and was looking over at %char1% nervously. I’m okay. This would be a day for %char1% to rest up. %char2% and I went outside.     Master! What? I used to think that I wished I could stay a human forever… because you and her are so close. She was in human form, and was smiling. But I couldn’t. It’s fun to pull the carriage, and I was just fooling myself because I wanted you to like me. Even if I pretend to be like you, I can’t do it! … But, Master? I’m the same %char2%, no matter what shape I am. That’s true. I’d been surprised when she’d turned into a human, but I don’t think I had treated her any differently. Even still, I did treat her like a child. I’m me, Master is Master, and Big-Sister is Big-Sister, right? You can’t be anyone but who you are, and I… I can’t be a real person. But even still, there’s no one out there that can replace me, is there? THAT’S why she’d turned into a person? I nodded in response to her barrage of questions. But, you know what? I like you, Master! I like you just as much as Big-Sister does! I’m going to be the best %char2% I can be! That’s… good. Who would have thought %char2% would lecture me on these things? Protecting everyone was supposed to be MY job, but I noticed, with amazement, that I wasn’t upset with having the job stolen from me. I wonder why? You know what? For Master and Big-Sister, I’m going to do all I can! I’m gonna try real hard, yup! You better. Protecting you is my job, after all. Yup! We spent the rest of the day relaxing in the village. The next day we worked hard to try and wipe out the disease for good. The doctor asked me if I could do anything, and I set about making medicines. We ended up finishing earlier than we’d thought we could. I had    thought that he could teach me something about medicine and healing, but I didn't’ know enough, and I didn’t want to be in the way. Thank you so much, Beloved Saint! A young girl from the sick house waved to me and said thank you. Did I… protect them? I made up my mind not to run. If I ran, I couldn’t protect the people I needed to protect, and I’d just save my own life—but make it not worth living. I wasn’t alone anymore. I was a parent to %char1% and %char2% now, and I needed to do whatever I could to make the world better for them, to make it into a place where people could live out their lives in happiness. Mr. %Name%? Master! Huh? What’s up? I’d been walking around the peaceful village when %char1% and %char2% called out to me. You looked really… concerned? Yeah! Don’t worry about it. But Master! You’re such a worrywart! Of course we worry. A worrywart? Yeah. These days all you ever say to us is, ‘Are you all right?’ She’s right. But you don’t need to worry anymore. But I… Don’t treat us like children anymore. We are thinking about our own affairs. Yeah! I know now that you care about us… but in the exact same way, we care about you too, Mr. %Name%. We’ll be fine if we stick together. Yeah! You’re right. %char1% was growing. She had her own thoughts and her own feelings, like her inner maturity had caught up to her appearance. I couldn’t treat her like a child anymore. We were a team now. I guess.    Worrying about things on my own wasn’t going to do anyone any good. I couldn’t bring peace to the world by myself. One look at the waves of destruction made that immediately apparent, and it was even more true for me, the Shield Hero, who couldn’t even attack on his own. If we wanted a world of peace, we’d have to make it together. All right. Let’s do this… together. Oh! Master smiled! She’s right. And it wasn’t some weird, fake smile, either. That was real. The two of them were smiling back at me. Heh… Was that supposed to be me? Did I never smile? Whatever. I was smiling now. I wasn’t alone anymore. Because I had friends I could depend on.       Mr. %Name%, I can see steam. That day we’d been rolling down the road in %char2%’s carriage when I spoke to Mr. %Name%. He’d said that we were on our way to a town with hot springs, and I was getting excited to arrive. Huh? Already? It’s stinky! %char2% looked back from her place at the front of the carriage and made a face. That’s sulfur. Hot springs often smell like that. Are hot springs yummy? Hot springs aren’t very yummy on their own. Hot spring eggs are good though. Hot springs lay eggs? No, no. They boil the eggs in the hot springs. There are hot spring rice cakes too, though maybe not in this world. Mr. %Name%was taking his time and responding to each of %char2%’s questions. We’re going to sell medicine here, right? Yeah. I’m going to get us a room at the inn. %char1%, you take care of the sales. Okay. Considering that it’s a hot spring and all, we should take a little break and relax here. Two or three days should do it. %char2% and I broke into giggles. We’d been traveling so much lately we didn’t really get any time to relax. Especially Mr. %Name%. He was always making medicines or working through the accounting books, or studying magic. He didn’t get to rest at all. I thought that taking a few days to relax sounded like a great idea. That sounds like a wonderful idea, Mr. %Name%. So we can play tomorrow, right, Master?    Well, I still need to work on these medicines, so I can’t relax too much. But I can probably stand a good soak in the springs. %char2%, get ready to stop. Okay! There were many doctors and caretakers visiting the springs, and they bought Mr. %Name%’s medicines from us quickly. Soon, we were sold out. So we went back to the inn and went for a soak in the springs. I’m going to go see Master! No, you can’t. You’ll just annoy him. But, it will be fine. He likes me. What will be fine?! That’s the men’s bath. You’re a girl, right? But %char2% wasn’t listening. She had climbed up on the fence dividing the baths and jumped over to the other side. Master! Let’s play! %char2%? Oh, okay. Make sure you get way down in the water. You want to be up to your neck. Okay. I could hear Mr. %Name%and %char2%’s voices coming from the other side of the partition. What the… I sort of felt like I had lost. I sat in the water and let my eyes wander to a sign in the corner. It detailed the history of the spring. There had been a silver boar? When the villagers defeated the boar, the hot springs appeared where he’d fallen. The history was written like an old story. It also said that the hot spring was a spring of love. If a man and woman entered the spring together they’d be bonded for life. And now %char2% and Mr. %Name%were soaking in it together! Ugh… I was starting to feel hot from sitting in the water for too long, so I decided to get out. When I got back to the room, Mr. %Name%was there too, having left the baths early himself. He was studying accessory making.    He’s learned a whole bunch of stuff, but lately he hadn’t made anything of quality because we didn’t have any good material. Hey %char1%. Come take a look at this. He noticed me come into the room and indicated that I should sit next to him on the bed. He had a bottle of medicine in his hand. Okay. Mr. %Name%had noticed how bad the scars on my back were, and so he applied medicine to them. Thanks to his effort, the skin on my back now felt much better than it had. Suddenly the story of the couple in the hot springs came back to me. Mr. %Name%… I gathered my courage and dropped the towel I was wrapped in. I wanted him to see me. He had trauma from a past relationship with women, and so I wasn’t sure how he would feel about his kind of thing. But I wanted him to know how I felt, so I just followed my heart and acted. What… What do you think…? Aren’t I… attractive? Mr. %Name%… Mr. %Name%was watching my back, and he seemed at a loss. I was sure he knew what I meant, and I was waiting for his answer… Well, I think it’s looking a lot better. You’ve changed so much since we first met. So he… Mr. %Name%looked at my nakedness without even flinching. He just looked at me, observing. Actually, I was the one getting emotional. I felt dizzy. Oh? Is that… um… all? What else is there? Oh, nothing. If you don’t get dressed then you’ll catch a cold… Ah! Big-Sister is naked! %char2% entered the room and threw a fit. She jumped out of her dress to get naked herself then ran straight at me. This wasn’t a game! I want to play too!    No! Stop it! Oh no… I was so close to making my deep confession to Mr. %Name%. Evening fell, and we got ready for bed. %char2% was already deep asleep next to me. Um… Mr. %Name%? What? He was still making medicines and wouldn’t sleep for a while. This was my chance. I had to let him know how I felt! Um… Huh? Mr. %Name%was looking at me. Maybe it was because of the hot springs, but my face felt hot. I felt like I was boiling, but I had to try. Mr. %Name%I… I… I like you. Oh yeah? I did it! He knew! I felt like my heart could fly. I like you too… Like a daughter. It was like he’d thrown water on me. I sunk to the floor. Ah… He treated me like a kid because he thought he was my parent. But I’m not a child anymore! I’d told him that time and time again, and yet… Yeah, you’re an adult now… Right, he’d never say that to me. He was so… dumb! But that was what was so great about him. I… I wanted to take another step, but it didn’t seem like the time. I didn’t think it would work. The ideal would be him coming to me and telling me he loved me. But that would never happen because of the trauma he’d experienced. So I would have to tell him first—then we could be together. But what would I have to do to get him to notice? Then I remembered a story I’d heard when I was a little girl. My mother had said that she had realized she was in love when my father got her a present. Yes. That was when I decided what I should do.    I’d have to get him a present that would wake him up and make him notice me! Mr. %Name%let his Shield absorb all kinds of things because it would make him stronger. So I’d have to find something that would make me stronger, more powerful, so that he’d realize I was an adult when I confessed! Then he would notice me! The next day I walked around the town and tried to gather information. Are there any rare materials around? Had I just picked some normal or well-known item, Mr. %Name% wouldn’t be impressed. I needed something legendary. When we set out to make %char2%’s clothes, we’d had to go exploring in ruins. If I found something similar… something that couldn’t be procured without a bit of danger… Yes… then he would notice me! Something rare? Well the Gaggoko hot spring eggs are pretty famous, and delicious. The innkeeper thought for a moment before he answered me. That’s not what I mean. I mean something more…rare. Like a pretty stone or something? Maybe like Lachium? What is that? It’s a very rare mineral that can only be found in these parts. Wizards and alchemists will pay very high prices for it. Locals value it because it’s supposed to help people in their love lives. That’s it! If I found something so rare and valuable by myself, Mr. %Name% was sure to be impressed! And it helped with your love life? Perfect. Where can you find it? I hear you can find it off in the mountains. But it’s pretty difficult to find. I know. They say you can find Lachium in Gaggoko nests. I kept on asking questions until I found out where you could find the Lachium ore. Then I got ready and left to find it.    Should be somewhere around here… I held a map in one hand while I climbed a volcano. It smelled like sulfur, and was hot. The innkeeper had said that there was a monster that lived at very high elevations, and that you would have a very good chance of finding Lachium under its nest. That monster itself was not uncommon, but it was uncommon to make nests. It would be drawn to the spot by the magic in the stone. Then I found it… the nest I was looking for. Ah… Because I was looking off at the nest, I’d turned my eyes high above me, and then, with a bang, I ran straight into something. Ouch. I fell off my feet and hurt my butt. Then I looked up at the thing that I’d hit. Oh… Big-Sister! %char2% was standing there, with a paper in her hand just like me. The paper was probably a map. %char2%?! What are you doing here? That’s what I was about to ask you! … What was going on? My women’s intuition started whispering in my ear. It said that %char2% was my enemy, that she was trying to take Mr. %Name% away from me. And she’d been saying it for weeks. She’d never let me have Mr. %Name%. I had to get to the bottom of this. %char2%, I’ll ask you again. What are you doing here? I, um… I heard that there was a rare kind of food up here! Now that she mentioned it, the innkeeper had mentioned something about a Gaggako hot spring egg. That must be what she was talking about. If I bring that delicious and rare food to Mr. %Name%, he’ll pat me on the head and tell me that I’m his favorite! He will not!    What was this kid thinking? What about you Big-Sister? What are you doing out here! You’re keeping secrets! %char2% turned her head in confusion, and I had to admit that she was kind of cute. But if I lost Mr. %Name%to this cute face, I’d be in misery. Whatever happened, I just couldn’t lose to her! Fine then, let’s see whose present Mr. %Name%likes the best! Fine! I won’t lose. The competition was on. Hiyaaaaaaaaah! I won’t lose! %char2% started running up the sharp incline, and I ran after her. I overtook her soon enough. This is what I trained for, moments like this! Even if %char2% died, I wasn’t going to lose to her. Guggaga?! The Gaggoko screamed when it saw us running for it. It was a large, round, white bird. Out of my way! Excuse us! %char2% ran into the nest, but I reached under it for the shining stone I saw there. But just then a monster appeared behind us, drawn by our shouts and filled with murderous rage. It ran at us. What the… We both looked at each other, as if to confirm what we were seeing. We’d taken too long to notice. Buruheeeeeeeeeeeee! It was a silver boar. The Silver Razorback had been drawn by our shouts and was running straight for us. It was bigger than %char2%. What would happen if a monster that large ran straight into a Gaggoko nest? The whole nest, with us in it, flew into the air. We were suspended there, in the air, for a moment.    I had seen it. Under the Gaggoko nest, there had been a large, shining stone. It must have been the Lachium ore. I saw that same ore now, shattered to dust by the impact, raining down around us. At the same time, the egg that %char2% had been looking for flew past us, suspended in the air like everything else. Gugguga! Gugguga! The Gaggoka raised its wings and flew away. Then, with a crash, we all fell down to that steep slope… Ah…. Ugh! The eggs! Our food! We both realized that we’d lost the things we’d come for. We both looked to the source of our failure, and then looked to one another. Big-Sister… Yeah… The Silver Razorback seemed to understand that he was in danger now, with all our wrath directed at him. Buruhee? The boar began to tentatively step backwards. Had he turned and fled slowly, he must have known that death was waiting for him. But even if he did turn and flee—that wouldn’t change his fate. The Silver Razorback turned… Hey! He’s running! You think you’re getting out of here alive? Buruheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee! The boar let out a terrified scream. Whew, that was tough. Ugh… the egg! We looked all around the mountains after our encounter but never found what we were looking for. At the very least, we had a local Silver Razorback to take back with us. I let %char2% carry it. Where did you two go? I’ve been looking for you. Mr. %Name%was waiting for us at the gate to the town.    Oh, you know… Huh? What’s that %char2%? I’ve never seen a monster like that before. Let’s butcher it and let the shield absorb it. Okay. Uh-huh. Well, I was in the mountains looking for something when this thing showed up and gave us trouble. I and %char1% took care of it. Wow! Or would you rather butcher it and eat it? It looks like a boar, so we could make boar stew? Yeah! That sounds good! Make it! Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! There was a crowd of people pointing, shouting, and running at us. Dammit! Let’s run! Okay! Mr. %Name%and I took off running. The both of us did not have a very good reputation in Melromarc, so we ran into people that hated us pretty often. So we were used to treatment that way, and when we saw people pointing at us we ran off instinctively. But… Please wait! Wait! Please, please stop! Something seemed strange. So we stopped. Then we noticed that the villagers were smiling and beckoning for us to come back. You have hunted a Silver Lord for us! Silver Lord? Yes, it’s a beast that we use in a prosperity ceremony in these parts. Will you let us have it? Yeah… When we’d been in the hot spring, I think I’d seen a picture detailing something like that. So this was the monster from the picture. The villagers insisted that the boar was not particularly good for materials, but that they would buy it from us for a good price. In the end, Mr. %Name%and all the villagers praised %char2% and I for our job. Mr. %Name%sold the boar to them, and even gave us all the money from it. Um…    We were on vacation, and you guys went out and used your own time to kill that thing, right? The money is yours, buy whatever you want. Big-Sister… Okay. %char2% and I were thinking the same thing, and we both took the money that Mr. %Name%was offering us. Then I went for a walk. There were certain materials that Mr. %Name%had wanted for his accessory-making. I bought them and gave them to him as a present. What is it? I said you could buy whatever you wanted. This must have been expensive. It’s from both of us. We wanted to give you a present because you always take care of us. Yeah! It’s a present for you, Master! It would have been easy enough to take it all… but %char2% and I had earned it together, and we both really wanted the same thing. We just wanted to express our gratitude to Mr. %Name%, and so we did. Oh… okay. Mr. %Name%smiled awkwardly and then reached out to kindly pat our heads. %char1%, %char2%, thank you. I’ll treasure it. Ugh… There he was, treating me like a kid again. The jerk… He’d never see me as a woman! Right, %char2%? Yup! We turned to face one another, and nodded in agreement.          Prologue   This is going to be a pain. We should have turned it down. Everything happened because of the villagers’ simple request. They wanted us to do something about the monsters around town. The Dragon Zombie’s rotting corpse had badly polluted the surrounding mountains. Once we took care of that problem, the monsters that had been thriving in the polluted mountains set their sights on the village. The idea was that once the monsters learned that the village was a dangerous place for them, they would just stay away. So the village hired us as temporary guards to keep the monsters aware of the threat the town posed. Honestly, I’d wanted to turn the job down, but they’d done so much for us that I ended up accepting it out of a sense of obligation. Considering all they were doing to help %char1% with her illness, we couldn’t just leave them in the lurch—so we made our way back to the mountains. Oh well, let’s get this over with. My name is %Name%, and I am a twenty-year-old college student from Japan. I’m also a bit of an Otaku. I was at the library reading an old book called The Records of the Four Holy Weapons when I passed out. When I woke up, I found myself in the very world the book had described, and I was tasked with the role of the Shield Hero. They’d summoned me to their world because they were under threat from a disaster called the waves of destruction. These waves consisted of a rift that opened between dimensions, from which great hordes of monsters appeared. Apparently, they needed the help of the Four Legendary Heroes to overcome the destruction of the waves. I was forced to assume the role of the Shield Hero, and I had no choice but to stand against the waves when they appeared. At first, it all seemed like a dream—too good to be true. But it turned out that the shield I was forced to carry had other properties as well, some of which were really annoying. I was completely unable to deal damage to monsters. I put all my strength into my blows, but monsters just brushed them off, like I was nothing but a bothersome insect. I soon discovered that I was unable to attack at all. However, I made up for it with my defense rating, which was through the roof. You could say that all I could do was defend.    Eventually, I managed to get a party together, and we started traveling the world. Along the way we fought many battles—just then, we were in the middle of one. …?! A huge dragonfly flew at me, brandishing its stinger. But it bounced off my shield with an ineffectual, hollow clang. The shield was able to absorb different monsters and materials, which in turn would unlock new shield forms and abilities. You could say that the shield leveled up with me. That was how I learned new abilities. Anyway, there were a lot of difficulties that went along with it, but it was also proving to be a big help. It helped me compound difficult medicines, and it improved the quality of my cooking—so I guess it was pretty useful in some ways. As for the shield, I’d really love to take it off sometime, but it was cursed or something, and I wasn’t able to remove the shield at all. It was always there, stuck to my arm. So I needed to rely on the rest of my party a lot. I had to leave all attacking up to them. Mr. %Name%! Are you all right?! The girl with the raccoon ears and tail cut down a Poison Fly and turned to me. Her name was %char1%. She was a raccoon-type demi-human. After I was framed and chased out of the castle, I bought her as a slave. When I first bought her, she looked like she was around ten years old. But demi-humans’ bodies grow as their levels rise. She matured very quickly as we fought different monsters, and now she looked more like a seventeen-year-old girl. She was very pretty. Well, she was cute anyway. Personality-wise, she was very serious. Watching her, you got the The impression that she was constantly evaluating possible routes of action—that she was always trying to determine the correct path. Before I was summoned to this world, there had been a large wave of destruction, and she had lost her family and village in the ensuing chaos. I think that’s probably why she was so motivated to fight against the waves with me. I’m leaving defense up to you! I know! Luckily enough, %char1% trusted me. I had watched her grow up before my eyes, which inspired some parental feelings in me. At only twenty years old, it felt a little weird to nurse those parental instincts, but having seen her grow the way she had, I couldn’t deny that    I felt responsible for her. I think she probably felt the same way. She’d been with me since she was a kid, so she probably saw me as some kind of father figure. So she trusted me, and I wanted to take care of her. That’s when it happened. A shadow appeared before me. Woah! A large bird-monster called a %char2%lial dashed over to the approaching Poison Tree, leaned back, then let loose a furious barrage of kicks. That %char2%lial was one of my friends, too. Her name was %char2%, and she was a %char2%lial that had grown attached to me. %char2% had a mysterious power: She could turn into a human. When she’s in human form, she is a little girl with blond hair, blue eyes, and little angel wings on her back. But her real form… Well, she was a %char2%lial, but not a normal one. Her %char2%lial form was like a mix between an ostrich and a giant owl.     Apparently she was actually a %char2%lial Queen. She was strong enough to pull a heavy carriage, and she ate more than enough to compensate for her effort. She was always putting things in her mouth. Don’t let her cuteness fool you. She can really pack a punch. Her personality was… innocent, free, and pure… pure probably sums it up best. She always had a happy look on her face. The slave-trader who had sold me %char1% had also been selling eggs, so I found her there. I won her in an egg lottery kind of game. The eggs all looked the same, and a ticket cost 100 pieces of silver. I picked one I liked, and when it hatched, %char2% came out. She was… two weeks old now. She didn’t look it though—she looked much older. I’d raised her too. Looks like we’re almost done here, Mr. %Name%. But I want to keep fighting! Once we started fighting, the plan worked within an hour. Most of the monsters had fled to the mountains and learned to keep their distance. You all right, %char1%? She was moving slower than normal, thanks to the curse. The curse had been very strong. The curse that hurt her was from yesterday. We were fighting a Dragon Zombie out here and I… I used a curse. But if you really think about it, it was THEIR fault—the three other heroes. They’d started this mess. When we were fighting the Dragon Zombie, the Shield of Rage from the Curse Series unlocked itself, and I used it. The curse was strong and unwieldy, and it turned its fangs on %char1%, my friend. The curse had swallowed me completely, and she had to sacrifice herself to save me from its grasp. She was seriously hurt in the process. So even though I couldn’t attack on my own, I’d started standing at the front of the battle line to protect %char1%. As for my wounds, they really aren’t so bad, Mr. %Name%. Good. Heh, heh… It’s kind of nice to have you worrying about me. I’m really sorry. Promise you won’t say that anymore. She smiled to show that she didn’t care, but it only made me feel even guiltier.    Are you okay, Big-Sister? Yes, I’m fine. Aren’t I, Mr. %Name%? Yeah, sure… but don’t overdo it. You don’t have to…. Anyway… thanks for caring. Apparently she wasn’t hurt too badly, which was good. Well, that’s the end of our work for the day. Tomorrow we are heading back to the castle in Melromarc so that %char1% can get some real treatment. We set off down the road back to town. When we left the mountains, there was a road that ran over rolling fields back to the village. Master! What’s that?! A wild %char2%lial A appeared! A wild %char2%lial B appeared! A wild %char2%lial C appeared! A blue-haired girl appeared by the %char2%lials! Dammit…what was a girl doing with wild %char2%lials?! I cursed under my breath and watched closely. But she just looked like a normal little girl. Hey you! Are you from the village?! I thought I’d ask, just to be sure, but the %char2%lials responded before she did. Gah?! The %char2%lials looked at %char2%. They were astonished! %char2%lials A, B, and C took off running! Ahh… The girl stretched her hand out after the fleeing %char2%lials. What was with that girl? Was she playing with the %char2%lials? Well, after spending all this time with %char2%, I had a pretty good idea of how you could expect %char2%lials to behave. She was probably feeding them or something, since they liked to eat so much. At first glance, the girl seemed to be pretty well off. Maybe she was the daughter of a rich merchant? What was that? The %char2%lials ran off and left her alone, so I guess she didn’t own them. I guess they were wild. If the monsters ran away the minute you approached, they might have been the kind of rare monster that leaves behind valuable items and lots of experience    points. Still, taking down a random %char2%lial probably wouldn’t yield a ton of experience. They probably ran because they caught sight of %char2%, our %char2%lial Queen. Boy, those birds sure look yummy! I think so every time I pass one of them on the road. Those are the same species as you. %char2% was licking her beak in slobbery anticipation. I guess everything looked like food to her. So she’d go cannibal that quickly, huh? Creepy. If we chase them now, we can get them! Master! Leave them alone. She really knew how to take the tension out of a scene. As for experience, I guess I hadn’t checked our levels after we fought the Dragon Zombie. %Name% LV 38 ★ %char1% LV 40 ★ %char2% LV 40 ★ What was the star? Hey, there’s a star next to my level indicator. Does anyone know what that means? What could it be? I had a bad feeling. Um… I dunno! I decided to check the help screen. I still didn’t get it. The information might have been buried in there somewhere, but I wasn’t able to find an explanation for the star. I guess we’d just have to come back to it later. Huh? The little girl that had been with the %char2%lials had noticed us, and now she was walking in our direction. Wow, is that a %char2%lial? You mean %char2%? Can she talk? The girl and %char2% were looking deep into each other’s eyes. Yes. It’s always been my dream to talk with %char2%lials! I hope we can talk a lot! The girl, apparently very interested, kept talking to %char2%. She looked around ten years old. Her hair was blue, but it was all a bit    faded. Maybe it was actually navy blue? She had pigtails and gave off an eccentric, powerful impression. You could tell she came from a good family. Master, what should we do? Good question. What should we do? It almost sounded like this rich girl wanted to take %char2%. If I managed to get along well with her family, then maybe I could steer this in a more profitable direction. That wouldn’t be so bad. I did not introduce myself as the Shield Hero but rather as a holy man with a bird-god drawn carriage. People had approached me many times to see if they could buy %char2% from us. Of course, I wasn’t planning on selling her. But I used that as a starting point and steered the conversation in such a way that I could usually get the customer to walk away with some new (expensive) accessory. And because I hid the fact that I was the Shield Hero, most people were very friendly when I approached them. From that perspective, it might be smart to try and arrange my business to keep the public on my side. It couldn’t hurt to have some people that owed me favors. And yet, this girl could tell that %char2% was a %char2%lial. She knew it from a single glance! A talking %char2%lial, right? What’s your name? %char2%. %char2%, right? My name is Mel! Nice to meet you, Mel. Yay! Hey %char2%, want to eat this? The girl called Mel pulled some kind of jerky from her pocket and offered it to %char2%. She must have known how much %char2%lials like to eat. Yay! Thanks! %char2% greedily stuffed the jerky into her mouth. Heh, heh, heh. Mel giggled happily at the sight of %char2%’s puffed cheeks. She started to pet them softly. She liked %char2%lials. I could tell that much. I could tell that she was different from those other people that had been interested in %char2%—THEY only cared because %char2% was rare. She looked like she actually wanted to be friends with %char2%. Honestly it couldn’t hurt to network a little, so I’d encourage %char2% to be friends with her if I could. %char2%, we still have some work to do in the village, so you can just hang out    here for a while if you want. Have fun. Okay! You want to come? Yes! So %char2% and Mel ran out into the fields to play. We went back to the village and kept doing all we could to wipe out the sickness there. I asked the doctor if he needed any help, and he set me to work compounding medicines. Setting out my materials, I got to work. The work went faster than I’d expected, and pretty soon I was finished. There was a part of me that genuinely wished I could ease the villagers’ suffering. Hopefully the village would return to its peaceful ways before long. I looked out at the fields and could see %char2% playing with kids out there. Um… Your Holiness… could you… The village chief appeared at my elbow and handed me a bag of money. Your Holiness, thank you for your help. Please accept our thanks. That reminded me: these people still didn’t know who I was. To them, I wasn’t the fearsome and criminal Shield Hero, no. I was just a traveling saint with a bird-god companion. Um… I took the bag, opened it, and began to count the contents. Then I removed half the money and put it into a separate bag. What? I didn’t do all of this. The doctor did most of it. Give this to him. Oh, yes… If the doctor hadn’t been there, we would have been in trouble. Alone, I don’t think I could have stopped the spread of the disease. So it was really all thanks to him. All right. To get %char1%’s wounds properly healed, we’d have to visit a large church, but it was already late in the afternoon. We’d have to stay one night in town before setting off. We were relaxing in the village when %char2% came running back. Hey! I made a new friend! That’s great. Was it that girl we met on our way back from the mountains? Wait. Did she have any friends to begin with? Shouldn’t this girl be her first friend, not her NEW friend? %char1% was less of a friend and more like a mother, or at least an older    sister. Yeah! That girl, you know? She’s been traveling to the same places that we have! Really? So she’s a traveler, huh? She sure was dressed nicely for a traveler. Maybe she was a rich merchant’s daughter, and she had just been passing through the village when the sickness came upon it. Anyway, %char2% was the type to be popular with kids, I guess. I mean, she was really popular with everyone. And besides, apparently that girl didn’t care so much when %char2% turned into a human. So I suppose she was a pretty adaptable girl. And you know what? She taught me all kinds of stuff I never knew before! Like what kind of monsters %char2%lials are, and what kind of legends there are! Wow. I just needed to chime in from time to time to keep her satisfied. %char2% wasn’t the best conversationalist, so it was hard to get a handle on what she wanted to say sometimes. Here’s an example—when I asked her how to use magic she said something random, like, You just pwwwweeeep it out! But when she was playing with the other %char2%lials, out in the fields, she got separated and lost. That’s when we found her! Wow. Um… Mr. %Name%? Are you listening to her story? Huh? Honestly I hadn’t been paying attention. But I could probably remember what she said if I needed to. %char2% became friends with that girl who’d introduced herself as Mel. And that girl had been separated from her companions? It sounded like a creepy story, and so I went to look at %char2%, only to see that the girl was there too, standing right next to her. I’m sorry to trouble you at this hour. I was…. I was wondering if you wouldn’t mind… I’d like to travel with you. Wait, just a second. I need to get all of this straight. You were… Mel, right? Why did you come here with %char2%? If you got separated, why not go look for your friends? Yes, well… A %char2%lial brought me here, but I don’t exactly know where I am. I know where I am trying to go, but I was separated from my protectors quite a while ago. Protectors? Are you nobility or something? Or a merchant’s daughter?    I…Um… Mel turned her eyes away for a moment, and then nodded to herself. You are correct that I am from nobility, but please, call me Mel. I was talking with %char2% about the owner of her cart. You’re some type of saint? And I also heard that you are going to Melromarc Castle tomorrow. May I accompany you? She was very polite as she spoke to me. I wonder… If we brought her back to Melromarc, we’d probably get some money in gratitude. We’d be returning a lost girl to her parents, who were members of the nobility—they’d be sure to show their appreciation. But still, if the Shield Hero were the one to return her, I’d probably end up accused of kidnapping her. They’d find some way to ruin my life again. Well… Master, I want her to come with us! She’s in trouble! If we help her, we might end up in trouble ourselves. Mr. %Name%, I also think we should take her. We can’t leave a lost child to the winds of fate! Thank you very much. May I accompany you on your journey? Both %char1% and %char2% were appealing on her behalf. And we might make some money in the process. Anyway, in a worst-case scenario I could just jump on %char2% and run away. We’ll have to request payment. %char2% will visit your family to receive that payment. Does that sound all right with you? Sure! I’ll ask my father, and he will certainly agree. I guess there was no avoiding it. Anyway, if her family owned a house in the Melromarc Castle Town, they must have been pretty well off. Why would a well-off girl like that be playing with wild %char2%lials? What if we couldn’t watch her all the time and she ran off? What if she got herself, and us, into some kind of trouble? You better behave yourself, or we will drop you on the side of the road. I understand. Thank you very much, Holy Saint. And that is how we ended up traveling with %char2%’s friend Mel on our way back to Melromarc Castle Town. We climbed into the cart that %char2% was pulling and set off on our journey back to Castle Town. Thank you for all you’ve done! Please come back again. Later. The whole village came out to see us off.    On my way out of town I couldn’t help but wonder—would they still treat us this way if they knew who I really was? Just thinking of it made me feel strange. Mel, I look forward to our travels together. My name is %char1%. It won’t be a long trip, but I’m sure we’ll have a good time. Yes. I’m sure we will, Ms. %char1%. I really wanted to make sure that %char1% was healthy, so I was in a hurry to get back to town and get her some of that healing holy water. Mel, keep in mind that healing %char1% is the highest priority for us. What happened to Ms. %char1%? asked Mel. We were fighting some evil, vicious monsters up in those mountains, and she ended up cursed. So that’s what happened… right? I was making money by compounding medicine and selling it. But I made up my mind to make %char1% my top priority. Honestly, I really wanted to make money so that we could buy good equipment for when the wave came. But if I weighed that against %char1%’s wounds, %char1% was obviously more important. I mean, I was the one that cursed her, and if the wave was coming then she needed to be in top condition for it. The equipment could be dealt with later, but %char1% had a sickness that needed to be cured now. We needed to get it treated as soon as possible. We need holy water from a big church. The curse is so strong that you are going to the church in the capital, right? Yeah. The doctor back in town had told us that we would need strong holy water from a church. That’s why I made up my mind to head back to the capital. It was sure to have the biggest church. %char2%, we’re going to the capital. Quickly now! Roger, Captain! Woohoo! %char2% took off at such a speed that Mel let out a little shout. I forgot to mention that %char2% tends to shake the carriage a lot when she runs. Most people end up really motion sick. Would Mel be all right? Ahahahahaha! %char2% is so faaaaast! Ahahaha! I can go faster!    Guess she’ll be just fine. Don’t go too crazy now! It’s dangerous! Calm down. %char1% reprimanded the sprinting %char2%, but %char2% gave no indication that she’d been listening. She was actually running faster than normal. She was probably trying to impress Mel. But if she kept it up, %char1% might get sick. Mr. %Name%, do you mind if I lay down for a bit? Nope. Were we making it worse? This is turning into a real nightmare. I should have turned her down. I muttered to myself. We ran into Mel because we’d agreed to chase monsters away from the town. I was starting to regret it, if only a little.       The fire was crackling. We’d set up camp for the night. We were on schedule to arrive at the Melromarc Castle Town the next day. Ahahahaha. Oh %char2%! You’re so funny! Wait! I got you! You got me! %char2% was in her human form, and even though we were out in the wilderness, she was so hyperactive she was running in circles. It was fun to have a sleepover with your good friends. I’d done that before, on summer vacation school trips to the seaside, or during lock-ins in the science room. So I understood how fun it could be. But still, these two liked each other WAY too much. It only made since. %char2% hadn’t ever really had a real friend that was in the same age-range as herself. But Mel was from nobility, so they weren’t really on equal standing. Mel was more like %char2%’s owner. When you looked at them, they looked like close friends. So I guess Mel didn’t really care that %char2% was a monster. When we were riding in the carriage Mel had made a few fiery speeches about %char2%lials, about which she seemed to know quite a lot. But she said that she had been on some long trips before, and so she’d probably ridden in %char2%lial carriages a lot. That was probably how she came to like them. Calm down! Okay! Mr. %Name%, why not let them play? Isn’t it good for %char2% to have a friend? I guess… It was almost unbelievable how loud and obnoxious %char2% could be with a friend in tow. Mel, I’m going to show you my treasure! Yay! %char2% had a bag that she always kept hidden away in the carriage. She took it out and showed it to Mel. I wondered what it could be? I kind of wanted to know. What would %char2% consider a treasure? I’m sure it was just trash, but if she was filching from my stash, I’d have to lay down the law    Master, you want to see too? Sure. %char2% waved her hand to call me over, and I peaked inside the bag. It was filled with pieces of a broken sword. And some junky looking jewels from when I failed at an accessory-making attempt. Some glass beads. Connectors. It’s so sparkly and pretty, isn’t it? Yes, it’s beautiful. Mel looked a little confused. In her defense, it was a bag of trash. She was probably drawn to shiny things because she was a bird. I think I’d heard somewhere that crows liked to steal shiny things. Was %char2% doing the same thing? What’s this? There was something else mixed in with the trash. I reached in and took it out. A brown hairball? It was a large, soft ball, but when I pressed it I could feel a number of smaller, hard objects moving inside. More than anything else, the object smelled terrible. I had a really bad feeling about this. That thing there came out of my mouth! It came from out of her mouth. Out of %char2%’s mouth. Had she been a cat, the object would have been a hairball. Had she been a human, it would be vomit. But %char2% was a bird, And birds throw up… Pellets? In other words, the hard things were pieces of monster bones mixed in with %char2%’s own feathers and other indigestible materials. Gross! What was she thinking? And to think—I touched it! I threw the pellet ball away. Hey! That’s my treasure! That’s no treasure! That’s excrement! If you put that in a bag again I’ll throw all your treasures away! But… Mel was watching our exchange with a bewildered look on her face. We finished talking, and I made dinner. For dinner we had the meat of a monster we met on the road. I skewered it on wooden sticks and roasted it over the fire. Master, you’re such a good cook! It’s true. You’re very good at it, and the food is always delicious. Mel, you    should have some too. %char1% passed a stick to Mel, who took it gratefully. I mean, all he did was stick it over the fire! But it’s so GOOD! She ate it slowly and thoughtfully. I thought for sure that she would protest eating such barbaric food, but apparently my fears were unfounded. Was it because of all she’d been through on her travels? I was judging Mel from her appearance. She was probably just an outspoken, brave girl. Anyway, we finished eating, and there was nothing left to do but sleep. But it was still a little early for that. So we were stuck with some free time. I was pretty used to staying in the wilderness by then, so I thought about taking out the magic book and sitting down to study some more. A little time went by, and %char2% and Mel started to calm down. They probably wore themselves out and fell asleep. %char1% was taking a nap so she’d be fresh for her watch. She still had to cover half the time—I just wasn’t comfortable with the idea of leaving %char2% and Mel in charge. Hm… Even if it was a book for beginners, it was still filled with many different kinds of magic. It covered things like First Guard and First Heal. I still couldn’t really use them myself, but those spells seemed to be the powerful end of the beginner-level of magic. I was reading about spells to raise your attack power and agility. There were so many I wanted to learn, but the grammar was so difficult that following the descriptions proved nearly impossible. I occasionally threw new logs onto the fire, and time slowly went by. Mmmm… %char1% slowly blinked, and looked sleepy. Did I wake you up? No. Shall I take over? If you want to. All right. I found a good place to pause my studies and then took her up on her offer. Um… Mr. %Name%? What is it? %char2% and Mel are… She pointed a shaky finger at the now silent figure of %char2%, who was now a    giant bird again. %char2% was asleep, alone. And the clothes that Mel had been wearing were tossed about the ground around her. Um… Where was Mel? I thought for sure I’d find her, half-naked, asleep on %char2%’s stomach. But when I looked, she wasn’t there. Even her shoes were lying there. But where was she? You don’t think… I knew %char2% could be a pig, but… Mr. %Name%. Remember when you threatened those bandits by telling them that %char2% ate people? You don’t thing that she… No way! She wouldn’t! But we’re talking about %char2% here. But… I guess I could believe it. Did she think that friends were people you could eat when you felt like it? %char1%. Should we pretend we didn’t see anything and hide the proof? Wh… What are you suggesting?! If %char2% ate a person… and a noble’s daughter at that! Do you think we should take responsibility for that? I wanted to avoid that responsibility if I could. I mean, I recognize that it’s wrong. But still! That damn, chubby bird! She really knew how to make a mess. Funya? %char2%’s head suddenly shot into the air as she woke up and blinked. What happened? Master? Big-Sister? Where’s Mel? Mel? She’s sleeping in my feathers. Huh? I don’t see her. I’d just checked a minute ago, I was sure that she wasn’t there. Mel, wake up. Hm??? The feathers on %char2%’s back ruffled and stood up before Mel poked her face out of the fluff. What the?! No way. No matter how you looked at it, %char2% couldn’t hide an entire person in her feathers. That didn’t make any sense. But there she was anyway. What is it, %char2%? Master was asking where you were. So I woke you up. I was just on %char2%’s back. It’s so warm!    Why did you take your clothes off? Because it’s hot. They really gave me a scare. Anyway, how did you get so deep inside there? %char2%’s feathers are super fluffy and thick! Stick your hand in here and see. Okay. The time had come. It was time to see what %char2%’s body was really like. Mel was calling me over, so I reached out my hand. Whoa! It’s really deep. I pushed both my arms in all the way to my shoulder before I finally felt something like skin. It really was very warm in there. If it was that deep, I could understand how Mel was able to sleep in there without anyone noticing. I don’t understand how there can be that much space. I know! Let’s take all the feathers off and see what it’s like under there. We could sell the feathers too, might even make some money. No! But Holy Saint! You shouldn’t threaten %char2%! It was just a joke. Oh boy, I’d gotten another glimpse of just how weird %char2%’s body was.       The next morning, we were ready and waiting for Castle Town gate to open. I soon discovered that trying to pull a carriage down the city streets was no easy task. We needed to find a place to stash it. The only place I could think of was the weapon shop, so we made our way there. The owner of the weapon shop was a true rarity in the world. He was one of the only people who believed in me, and tried to help me. Even after I’d been framed for a terrible crime, he sold me weapons at a fair price—I knew that I could trust him. Hey old man! Sell us some weapons and armor, would you? I hadn’t seen him in a while. He was leaning on the counter, his brow knit in concentration. Come on kid, give me some warning next time! What’s business if not a series of unexpected developments? I guess you’re right. How’s your budget looking? Good question. I pulled out my three-and-a-half weeks of profits and dropped them heavily on the counter before him. There were three bags, stuffed full of money. I haven’t counted it, but that’s all silver. Come on, kid! Count it for me! Pretty good, huh? That’s from my traveling merchant life. This must be a hobby of yours—trying to give me a heart attack, that is. Unfortunately for you. Fine then. Let’s get to counting, shall we? Sure. The old guy and I started counting coins. %char1% joined in too. Hey Princess, what’s wrong with you? Are you hurt? You’re moving differently than you used to. Yes. Unfortunately, I was cursed quite badly in a recent battle. Without meaning to, I stopped counting and looked over at %char1%. Ah… A curse? Those can be real trouble. Guess you’re in recovery? Yes. Once we leave your shop we’re heading for a church to get some holy water. I see.    Did we fool him? No, he had no reason to suspect me in the first place. It seemed like a lot of money, but when I started counting I realized that there was actually a lot of bronze mixed in. Calculating the actual value, it wasn’t as much as I had been hoping. This is all worth almost 50 pieces of gold! You sure know what you’re doing there, kid. You don’t have to tell me twice. I’d always prided myself on my business acumen. Still, I’d made all this money off the misery of others. It didn’t put me in a great mood. We have some stuff to sell too—some equipment we lifted off of some bandits we met. %char2% had been wandering around the shop looking at products. I snapped at her, and she quickly ran out the door and pulled in different items from the cart outside. Can I bring Mel back home? asked %char2%. Sure, but get back here before noon. And make sure that her parents show their gratitude. Okay! Holy Saint, thank you for all your help. I’ll see to it that you get what you are owed. Thank you again for your assistance. %char2% finished dragging in our loot, and then she left to bring Mel back to her family. That was fine. She had only come with us so that we would bring her home, and I couldn’t see there being any further complications. We’d only spent a day together, but still—I felt like I’d started to get a handle on just what kind of girl Mel was. She had been very polite, and getting in her parents’ good graces certainly couldn’t hurt. When %char2% was on her way out, I told her to run away at the first sign of any trouble. All right, so you want to trade this stuff in? I turned back to the weapon shop owner and returned to our negotiations. There was a pile of equipment between us. We had managed to steal it from some violent bandits we had encountered. Kid, you’ve got your hands in all sorts of honeypots, don’t you? With that, plus all the money, how’s our budget looking? Let’s see here… you’re talking weapons and armor for her, and then armor for yourself, right? He crossed his arms and started mentally tabulating.    Don’t get me wrong—I’m glad that you bring me all your business. But you know that you can try some other shops too, you know? What’s that supposed to mean? Nothing in particular. The other Heroes have stopped coming around, so it made me think that there must be some other shop out there—a better shop. Hmmm… It wasn’t impossible. The other guys already knew all about the world from their games. So there was a good chance that they knew a different store, one with better prices and equipment. But his shop was supposed to be the best in Castle Town. So if there were a better place, it would have to be in another country. Right? You have any ideas? Maybe if you went to our neighboring country, there might be shop with better equipment than mine. If I have to gamble on a hunch, I’d just as soon take my chances with you. There you go, kid! I won’t let you down! Worst case scenario, I’ll just have you make me whatever I need. Those look like skilled hands you’ve got. Good eyes! When I was younger I was the apprentice of a famous blacksmith to the east. That’s what I’m talking about. That’s why I like working with you—for your skill and your efficiency. I’m on it, kid. I won’t let you down! The old guy jumped over the counter and started pacing his shop, considering all the products there. Hmm… For the little lass, I’d think that a magic silver sword would serve her well. Of course I’d include a Blood Clean coating also. After some discussion we agreed on a price of 10 pieces of gold. The Blood Clean coating he referenced was a way of making swords so that blood and guts wouldn’t stick to the blades and ruin them. If you don’t get the guts off your sword quickly enough, the blade will rust and lose its edge. The coating was really important if you planned on using the blade for long. As for armor, I think magic silver armor that’s been manufactured with magic defense properties. Yes, that should do it. Magic defense manufacturing? The wearer of the armor will absorb magic from the enemy. It increases the wearer’s defense proportionately.    Sounds great. If I wasn’t able to perfectly protect her, that armor would help her escape battles unscathed. If I make a mistake, that is. It would be important going forward. The old guy was still thinking of equipment we could make for 10 pieces of gold. That was a pretty expensive piece of equipment. Hey, we have more money. If we went all out here, what could we get? Kid, you gotta think about the girl. It will cost money to get that curse lifted. Besides, what if the equipment doesn’t work for you? You’ll lose money trading it in and all that. Hmm… Right. Also, that’s about the best I can do with the materials I have on hand right now. Fair enough. If it was the best equipment he could make, then I guess it was good enough for me. If you want to push for something different, I’ll have to make it custom. I can do that, but it will take a little time. Yeah, I guess you’d need time to make it. Right. I have a bunch of different materials now, but still not enough. Mostly, I’d need ore. I thought that maybe we could use the skin from that dead dragon. Put that aside for a second. What about you, kid? What about me? If we are talking about your armor, I could make a heavy armor with the Air Wake processing, that way it would be lighter. Or I could make something new from all the stuff you brought in. What would be better? It would probably be about the same. Hey, I remember you said that you could improve the Barbarian Armor if you added some bones. You’re right, I was about to suggest that. Chimera and dragon bones are really great materials. Then we could cover it with dragon skin, and fix the dragon’s core into the center. That would be perfect! The dragon core he was referring to was a crystal-like core that had reanimated the dragon after it died. It was like the heart of an undead dragon. %char2% had eaten most of it, but we still had what I’d set aside. I bet that items like that, rare items, would make great equipment. Awesome. Sounds good to me, old man. Let’s do it.    Thanks! I’ll add the bones for free, which means that you just need to cover the manufacturing and material costs. He took 5 gold pieces, a pile of materials, and took them all back behind the counter with him. Hey kid, you better leave your Barbarian Armor with me when you leave. Sure. I went to a changing room and slipped out of the armor, and then I set it on the counter. All right, I should have this all done in two days or so. So come back then! I’ll have good stuff for you. Thanks. Oh hey, old dude. What? There’s a star next to my level now. Any idea what that means? Oh yeah? Guess you guys are about ready to change class. Class? What, you don’t know? Class-up. You are going to advance into the next class. Once you break through your class, you can reach even higher levels— plus you get a huge power boost for breaking into a new class. Say what? What now?!So it was like a game where you could change jobs at a certain level? Normally only knights, wizards, and adventurers with special permission from the Crown are permitted to go through the class-up process. But you’re a Hero, aren’t you kid? You should be able to. Thinking back on it, it would explain why the bandits were so much weaker than I would have expected. They weren’t able to break through level 40! So adventurers and villagers that weren’t trusted were kept under a certain level— that’s how they were able to keep the peace. They controlled everyone’s power. That reminds me—when we’d been fighting the bandits, I think the bodyguard had something similar. When you go through a class-up, you have to decide what direction you want to take your growth. It sure worried me when my time came. Once you get that star, your options really open up. It’s a big deal. Where can I do it? Where can I class-up? Haven’t you already been there? The room with the dragon hourglass. So that’s where it happened. Thinking back on it, it did seem important and well protected. The dragon hourglass was a giant hourglass that counted down to the arrival of the waves of destruction. A while back I’d met up with the rest of the heroes there.    Could it be that I’d met them there because they’d gone to class-up? Just what level were they at, anyway? I felt myself getting flustered. Anyway, the immediate priority is getting %char1%’s curse lifted. %char2%’s busy too—so I’ll worry about it once we’re all back together again. If I could, it would be better to class-up as soon as possible. Okay, old dude, you mind if we all meet up here? If that’s what you want, I’m fine with it. The guy really did treat me well. I wanted to give him all the business I could. We finished up at the shop, and %char1% and I left for the church. There was a large church in the center of town, looming over everything and immediately visible. It was huge. There was a symbol over the door; it looked like a sword, spear, and bow combined. I didn’t like the look of that. There was no shield. Sh… Shield Hero?! We walked into the building, and one of the sisters there shot me a cold glare. Putting aside what they thought of me, is that how they behaved in their church? Or were those accused of rape not even allowed to enter the church at all? Do not let it upset you. A man, some type of church patriarch by the look of him, admonished the sister. Something about it made me uncomfortable, but whatever it was I let it go. Father! What brings you to our holy space today? My friend here has been hit with a powerful curse. We’ve come in search of a powerful holy water so that we might cure her. They hadn’t done anything rude to me yet, so I saw no need to be combative right off the bat. We will require a financial offering. The wall was plastered with various items and their prices, but I decided to ask anyway. How much? Holy water is not very expensive, but it is available in different potencies. Starting with 5 pieces of silver, 10 pieces of silver, 50 pieces of silver, and up to 1 gold piece. Well at least they weren’t out to get whatever they could.    Had they tried to wring money from us, I’d been prepared to show them how I felt about it. Well, I certainly wouldn’t want to start debating over money here in the house of God. We’d like the holy water for 1 piece of gold, please. We can’t, Mr. %Name%. I can’t accept such an expensive item. It’s fine. We already went over this. You’re important to me. What’s a piece of gold if it will save you? Th… Thank you so much! You won’t regret it! I took out a piece of gold and passed it to the priest. Thank you. He pointed to a sister, who immediately came over with a bottle in her hand. I remembered my appraisal skill and used it on the holy water. Low-level holy water: quality: poor I glared at the priest. He looked taken aback, then took the bottle from me. The color left his cheeks. Why did you bring this cheap holy water? But I… The Lord is merciful. If you have done this to appease your own sense of justice, then you must repent immediately. I… I’m so sorry! I beg your pardon. A member of our church has behaved rudely to you. If I get what I paid for, I’ll have nothing to complain about. Thank you for your understanding. The priest left to retrieve the water himself, then returned with a bottle. I used my appraisal skill on it again. Curse-lifting holy water: quality: excellent Looks good to me. I took the bottle of holy water from him. Please thank the Lord for his guidance. All is delivered through the mercy of the Lord. Religions sure did have an air of self-righteousness. He spoke as if it were to be assumed that I was evil, and that I should be grateful for his forgiveness. %char1% and I left the church. I was ruminating about their behavior as we left the building behind.       OOOH! Shield Hero! We were leaving the church when I heard a shout I couldn’t ignore. I turned to see a young boy of 14 or 15, dressed like a soldier, running in our direction. He was nearly out of breath. We were in Castle Town, so when I saw soldiers running in my direction, I was prepared for bad news. I didn’t think. I turned and started running. %char1% was right behind me. There were too many ways for this to go bad. The king who had framed me, the guy I secretly called Trash, was a moody man. Who knows what he had decided to frame me for this time? Wait! Yeah right. Why should I? I knew that nothing good was waiting for me. Who would wait for a soldier who was shouting for them to wait? Only a fool. So I took off running. But then I realized %char2% wasn’t with us. I couldn’t let us get captured, but I also couldn’t escape town with our carriage if %char2% wasn’t there with us. Wait! Damn this kid! %char1%, you get %char2% and bring her here. We need to finish our shopping and get out of town. Roger! %char1% and I split up and ran from the soldier. The soldier followed me. Damn, I can’t lose him. The soldier was very persistent. I crawled down a small ally and came out into a crowded main street where I was finally able to lose him in the crowds. Now I just needed to get out of town before he caught me. But how would I meet up with %char1% and %char2%? If I could make it to the weapon shop, I’d be able to meet them there. Or so I was thinking, when… AHHHHHH! What the..? I turned to see a crowd led by %char6%. He was pointing at me and running. The crowd parted for him. Damn! If they saw me now, what good was it that I’d escaped?    %Name%! I found you! That was %char6%. He was the Spear Hero, summoned to the world just like I’d been, but from a different Japan. He was the favorite of that Bitch, the princess who’d framed me, and he was really living it up here, doing whatever the hell he wanted. He was probably the most attractive of us heroes. He was light-hearted, always hitting on girls. His head was as empty as you’d expect. He’d really made my life here into a nightmare. You! What are you doing?! What the hell? Don’t try to pin anything on me! Playing dumb? Good luck! We already know! We know that you’re the owner of that fat bird. Fat bird… %char2%? Give us the bird—we’ll kill it! Ha! What are you talking about? That was all your fault. You should have been more careful before you approached her! Once, a little while ago, %char2% had given %char6% a hard kick to the crotch —sent him flying. It had felt good to watch him flip through the air. Still playing dumb? That fat bird of yours was after me the second it saw me! Hm? What was he talking about? Was he imagining things? What are you talking about? Like I said, that fat, stupid bird of yours tried to run me down! I looked at %char6%. He armor was as nice and shiny as ever, but the crotch was missing and covered with a cup. This was hilarious! Ha! The guy was traumatized! Ha! Oh boy, this just kept getting better and better. I’d have to give %char2% a treat later on. She’d known what I really wanted and taken the day to give me this present. What are you laughing at?! Ahahaha! You bastard… Seriously, what was he so mad about? This was great. %char6% apparently realized that his current conversation tactics weren’t getting though to me. He changed the subject. And hey, let that girl go!You slaver! Not again! You really don’t know how to give up, do you? There had been a time, in the past, that %char6% had tried to ‘save    %char1% from me. That she was beautiful must have been a motivating factor. He challenged me to a duel I had no hope of winning, and he was right. I lost— but only because the Bitch cheated and attacked me from behind. And now he was at it again! He hadn’t changed at all. %char1% already turned you down. Once %char1% figured out what was going on, she turned him down and that was the end of that. I’m not talking about %char1%! His hand curled into a fist. I know all about it! You’ve found yourself a new slave, haven’t you? I saw her leaving the weapon shop! What was he talking about? I had no idea. The only people that travelled with me were %char1% and %char2%. %char6% had been upset about %char2% this whole time—but now he was calling her a slave and demanding her release? Who are you talking about? Not Mel? She’s not a slave. I don’t know her name! The girl with the blonde hair! Blonde hair? If her hair was blue, that’s Mel. If it was blonde, that’s %char2%. Exactly! That girl with the little wings on her back! You know who I’m talking about! You call her %char2%? He was practically screaming now, suddenly impassioned. He’d just said he wanted to kill her, but now he wanted her set free? The guy was crazy! You… As long as she’s a girl, you want her—is that it? No! He shouted again. I’ve never seen such an ideal girl… I… What? Who would think it? There really is a girl out there that’s just like Fleon of the magical lands! Who was he talking about now? Must have been a character from some game he played. That reminded me of something though. I guess %char2% was similar to characters from games I knew too. The pure, angelic girl character—a classic archetype. I can’t help it. I REALLY like angels… Shut up! I don’t want to hear about your sexual preferences! This world is the BEST! My heart was fluttering the second I laid eyes on    her! %char6% was very excited. From the look on his face, you’d never know he was the same person that had just been screaming about a giant bird. His eyes were shining now—he was enraptured. The other members of his party were looking annoyed. That must be why they were standing there silent. I know that you own that girl somehow! Let her go! God, you’re annoying! Okay, okay, so he was saying that I needed to hand %char2% over, just because she happened to be his type? I wished he’d keep his jokes to himself. You think I’m just going to go along with that request? If you won’t, we’ll fight until you agree! He readied his spear and pointed it at me. What, you want to fight here?! Stop that! Think about your surroundings! Chaos Spear! Before I could finish my sentence %char6% had already called a skill and sent an attack flying in my direction. I lightly lifted my shield to stop the barrage, but the flying spear tips that missed me flew on down the street before burying themselves in a storefront and bringing the wall down with a crash. There was a crowd of people in the street, and now they were all screaming because of %char6%’s violent outburst. Hey! Air Strike Javelin! He pointed his spear again and sent it flying in my direction. Damn! I dodged it, but it could’ve hit the crowd of people. I might not have known much about this country and its people, but I knew the difference between a good place to fight and a bad place to fight. Could %char6% think about anything but himself? Let her go! Who would?! He wants me to let that ravenous bird loose? Was he crazy?! I almost considered it, just so he’d understand what a bad idea it was to let that crazy bird loose. So you won’t listen? The surrounded townsfolk were on the verge of panic. Come on! Control yourself! I don’t care if you are Heroes, don’t fight here! Shouts of protest from the townsfolk grew more and more frequent.    This was not good. No matter how much damage %char6% caused, I was sure to take the fall for all of it. %char6%! Calm down! It was time. Should I switch to the Shield of Rage, like I did with the Zombie Dragon, and counter his attack? No. That would burn everything around us. And that was how %char1% got hurt. I shouldn’t use it when there are people around. Even still, it wasn’t like I could just run away. Hey! You guys stop too! I yelled to %char6%’s little posse of the Bitch and her friends. They needed to know that they were pissing off a hero. They only looked over at me and laughed. I was getting a bad feeling about this. She never missed an opportunity to piss me off. She’d do anything. Everyone please calm down! This is a duel between the Spear Hero and the Shield Hero. It is a legitimate duel, recognized by the Crown, whom I represent here today! The Bitch was pretending to go by the name %char3%, but even though she pretended to be someone else she still felt entitled to issue commands as the Crown. She flashed a certificate that supposedly empowered her to speak for the royal family. Give me a break! The first person to express their discontent was the owner of a shop behind me. Soon others in the street joined in his shouts of protest. I didn’t find anything about it surprising in the least. Anyone watching would have seen %char6% start the fight all on his own—and now she called it a duel. Give ME a break! You would speak against the command of the Crown? You scoundrel! Scoundrel? Look who’s talking—Bitch Princess! A glance at the gathering crowd and it was clear that supporters were mixed in with the pedestrians who wanted the duel stopped. The confusion was growing, and the whole scene looked ready to collapse into riot. Damn… This was not looking good. The worst part was that I had just finished escaping my pursuers. They were probably still around here, and if a big duel started they were sure to find me. Second Javelin! %char6% produced two glowing spears and sent them flying in my direction. I stopped one with my shield, protecting a shop behind me in the process—    but the second one grazed my arm and left me scratched. First Heal! I could heal myself with magic—but I couldn’t hope to win a duel by only defending. What should I do? Without %char1% or %char2% I didn’t stand a chance of winning. And %char6% KNEW that I couldn’t attack. He was doing this on purpose to humiliate me. Did he only start duels that he knew he would win? The jerk. If it was going to be an unfair fight from the start, I wouldn’t have any choice but to run. Unlike last time, they didn’t have %char1% as a hostage, so I didn’t have anything forcing me to fight him. Or so I thought… Please stop that! Spear Hero! The soldiers I’d been running from appeared from the crowd and positioned themselves between %char6% and me. This area is heavily trafficked by our citizens. We cannot permit you to duel here. Yes we can. The Bitch immediately snapped at the soldiers. She flashed the certificate and continued: Your assistance is not necessary here. This is a duel between HEROES, and the interference of a mere soldier will not be tolerated. That Bitch… she was rotten to the core. Uh… The soldier’s eyes swam with confusion. Even if she was hiding out, she WAS the princess, after all. Certainly they didn’t care about protecting me? Even still, the country and its people… I’m a soldier to protect them. If the personal affairs of someone—even if they are Heroes—threatens the people of our country, I must put a stop to it! What’s that? It felt like a cool breeze blowing through—things might be different this time. And so, because the Shield Hero is unable to fight, I will take his place—I will be his sword! Wh…? Huh? %char6% and I both fell speechless. A mere soldier wanted to cover for me as my sword? He was going to    challenge %char6%? I will too… A kid who looked like some kind of wizard appeared from the crowd, walked up behind me, and leveled his wand. He seemed to be some kind of soldier as well. Imbecilic fools. You would challenge me? Do you understand my position? What the Bitch really wanted to say was that even if they survived the duel, she would make sure they were taken care of later. Your position is irrelevant. We are merely carrying out our orders. The Bitch’s face turned red at the answer. Insolence! You think you can ignore the will of the Crown?! I will not permit the personal disputes of Heroes to be settled here. A soft voice came from the crowd, followed by its owner. Everyone reacted as though someone with the proper authority had finally arrived. I’d never seen people act that way since I’d come to this world, so I was surprised as well. All the authority figures I’d met since I came here were scoundrels—rather than stopping a duel, they were more likely to instigate and enjoy it, like %char3%, who was second in command. Who would speak out against her? I turned to see. It looked like a mere child. Wait, no… It was Mel! She was flanked on both sides by %char1% and %char2%, who both looked unsettled. They were walking in my direction. What are you doing here?! It’s been forever, Sister. SISTER?! Mel reached into her pocket and pulled out a certificate. That’s… Everyone was speechless when they saw the paper, and they let their heads droop. What was it? Who had more authority than the Bitch? Spear Hero, please try to understand. I would appreciate it if you can put your disagreements to rest today. But! But! Please look around you! You would fight in a crowded town square? Are those the actions of a Hero?    Ugh… %char6% sighed and slowly calmed down. He seemed to understand the situation. Mr. %Name%! %char1% came running to my side. Are you all right? Yeah. But, what’s up with Mel? She’s that thing’s sister? Holy Saint… But that’s not who you are, is it? Allow me to reintroduce myself. My name is %char7%. Thank you for bringing me back to Castle Town. It was a very enjoyable trip we had together. Mel gave a curtsy. Shield Hero, what happened here? I don’t know. %char6% once again challenged me to a duel—he wants to steal my party members away. AGAIN? %char1% knit her eyebrows in disbelief and shot %char6% an annoyed look.     %char6% ignored her and looked over at %char2%. What’s your name, Miss? Um… %char2%! Don’t tell him the truth! I had to jump in to save her. This guy is making you pull heavy carriages around, isn’t he? Let me save you. Well that’s true. She is pulling a heavy carriage for me—pretty much every day. I couldn’t lie about that. I mean, that is the kind of monster she was. If I don’t let her pull it, she throws a fit. She cries like a baby. You bastard! You’d treat this poor little girl like she was one of your fat birds? He sure did have a big mouth. What I did with %char2% was my business. Let %char2% go! Shut up already! Why did he think everyone in town was trying to calm him down? But he was angry again; he pointed his spear at me. I believe I just said that you were not to duel here. Mel once again had to order him to stop, but he completely ignored her. Was he just going to ignore her? He was the kind of guy to lose all of his senses when a woman was around. Ladies! You must escape! I’m telling you, this guy is very dangerous! %char6% turned to %char2% and tried really hard to look like the good guy. Didn’t he know that he was fighting so hard to save the fat bird that he was screaming about wanting to kill just a little while ago? Or… I guess she was in human form right now. She just looked like your standard, pretty little girl. What a %char6% kind of mistake to make. Huh? Why? Master isn’t dangerous! MASTER? You bastard! Air Strike Javelin! %char6% ignored Mel’s order and performed a skill. I immediately blocked it. What are you doing to Master?! It’s okay, %char2%! I’m going to save you! Why didn’t he listen? We weren’t allowed to fight here! I suppose there is no getting around it… Mel closed her eyes and raised her hands. %char2%, I have a request of you. Please stop the Spear Hero.    Okay! I will protect Master! %char2% stood before %char6%. %char2%, please move. I can’t take care of him with you right there. But %char2% didn’t move. She stayed where she was and opened her arms. %char2%, he called you a fat bird. %Name%! You bastard! How could you say that to a little girl? I didn’t, you did. You just said it like five minutes ago. You said you wanted to kill her. Yeah, and the last time I met you, you laughed at me. I hate you, Spear Guy! Laugh? When did I ever laugh at you? With a puff of smoke, %char2% returned to her bird form. Yes, the %char2%lial Queen form. Huh? What? %char6% looked shocked at %char2%’s transformation. He was leaning over a little, as if to protect his crotch. %char2% watched him, watched the confused look spread over his face, then charged up her powerful leg and delivered a quick kick to his crotch. Aaaaahhhh! I saw it happen. His face froze in shock, and his body snapped into a tailspin, flying ten meters through the air. The cup he was wearing shattered into dust and came raining down from above on our heads. Ugh! %char2% wins! %char2% threw one of her wings in the air and struck a victorious pose for the crowd. Was that enough to keep him down? Nah, he was probably just fine. He’d been wearing a cup. %char1% was pale and whispering to herself, but I’m sure she was fine. For whatever reason, his party didn’t run to help him either. I suppose there wasn’t much anyone could do. The crowd erupted in applause. It was immediately clear who they’d hoped would win. My bad mood was feeling better already. Please take the Spear Hero to get some medical care. The soldiers that had challenged him now picked him up and carried him off. All right, Sister? I have to say that it seems you’ve really behaved poorly    here. May I ask what the problem is? I might have to report to Mother on this. I… I am simply doing what I must to support the Heroes, as requested. It certainly didn’t look that way. You cannot judge by this single, isolated event, %char7%. Can’t I? Your barbarous behavior stands out on the reports. You would turn on me? Your superior? Your older sister? I could ask the same of you, Sister. Pfft… The Bitch shot us all hateful looks. What kind of relationship did they have? From where I was standing it sure looked like %char7% held more authority than the Bitch did. The Bitch noticed that %char6% and his party members had slunk off, and she quickly followed them—a good excuse as any to run away. Master! Didn’t I do good? %char2% came running over to me, expecting some kind of praise. There was no getting around it. I reached over and rubbed her head. There, there. That’s the second good kick you’ve given %char6% now. Good work. That was one of the best moments of my life. Yeah! I kick him every time I see him! Yes you do! You’re great! Eh, heh, heh… Why are you congratulating her?! %char1% was angry. But I wouldn’t back-peddle on this—%char2% really HAD done a good job, after all. I swear… These Heroes… %char7% held a hand against her forehead and sighed. I sure wish they’d stop causing a fuss—at least here in the middle of Castle Town. Oh, I… I suppose I should thank you… Sure, but not here. Let’s find a quieter place to chat. I looked around for a good spot, and, sure enough, the crowd was watching us closely. That only made sense. We shouldn’t talk where everyone and anyone could overhear us. Okay. Shield Hero… The soldier that had stood up to cover me was now giving me a pleading look.    Yeah, yeah… You guys are coming too, aren’t you? Not that I know what you are up to… We were never trying to capture you, Shield Hero. I hope you will believe me. Considering the way they’d chased me, and their obedience to orders, I wasn’t really sure if I could trust them. But I suppose it couldn’t hurt to hear them out…       So yeah, this weapon shop is one of my favorite places in town—I give the guy all my business. You remember it, right? Yes. Hey kid, think I could trouble you for an explanation? A bunch of stuff happened, and I’d like to borrow your shop for a meeting. I don’t really care what happened. But this is my place, not yours. Do me a favor and find another place for your meeting. The weapon shop was the only place I could think of where we could speak undisturbed, so after all the drama in town I marched everyone straight there. There aren’t really any other places. Like what else? The monster trainer tent? C’mon kid. The monster trainer is really… The old guy knew. He knew what really went on in that tent. If you’re going to take a bunch of kids to a place like that then I guess I have no choice but to let you hang out here. And so there we have it: the owner’s permission. Now then, who are you? Your name was %char7%, right? Yes, I am the first heir to the throne of Melromarc, the second daughter of the royal family, %char7% Melromarc. Huh? Let’s see, the Bitch is the oldest child, right? So why would the second daughter be the heir to the throne? My older sister has had personality… issues… for many years now. After causing problem after problem, it was decided that I would be the heir to the kingdom. Normally that would sound crazy, but when I thought about just how awful the Bitch really was, it started to make sense. Even still, something seemed off. Could %char7% really share blood with that crazy Bitch? How did the Trash king produce a daughter like her? It was hard to believe. %char2%. What? You can’t hang out with this girl anymore. Mr. %Name%. Why are you acting like her father, yet saying such awful things?!    C’mon, she’s the Bitch’s sister! If she’d managed to become the heiress before her sister, she must have been good at manipulating people. At that young age, she might be even more manipulative than her Bitch sister. Was she after %char2%? Or, even worse, was she working for %char6%?! Had she coordinated this whole run-in just so that she could swoop in and earn my trust? She could have! She might have had her eyes on us since that eastern village with the epidemic. She earned our trust and infiltrated our group, and she’d been planning on capturing us when we delivered her to the castle. If %char1% hadn’t caught up, who knows what might have happened? And… Sorry, but I think that’s enough talking for now. I simply cannot trust you. Or I should say that I can’t trust you ANYMORE—now that I know who you really are. Please listen to what I have to say! Have you heard the things your own father and sister have said? I’m sorry, but there is no way we can talk. I can’t trust you. Even if I told her the truth, there was no guarantee that she’d believe me. Just think about it—she was the Trash king’s daughter! I couldn’t just tell her to believe me. I’ll accept the help you just provided us in the street as payment for bringing you back to Castle Town. Now get out! But you… Before the second princess could get angry, a knight opened the door to the shop and poked his head in. Ms. %char7%. The king has summoned you. Please come with us. All right. I thought she’d throw a tantrum, as children do, but the younger princess instead gripped the frills of her dress, took a deep breath, composed herself, and followed the knight out the door. Bye then, %char2%. Okay. Later! There would be no later though. I wasn’t going to give %char2% away to some princess, or to %char6%. I swear! Everyone in this whole damn kingdom drove me nuts. Mr. %Name%, shouldn’t you have at least heard what she had to say? Yeah, kid, she’s right. Sorry, but I just can’t trust the royal family. Shield Hero…    What? Oh, you guys are still here? I thought they’d left with the young princess, but I turned to see that the soldiers who’d chased me through the streets were still there. Just how many tricks would I have to put up with? These soldiers were in on it too, no doubt! I waved them away but they didn’t budge. Get out of here! We don’t have anything to talk about! I’m not moving until you hear what I have to say! Oh come ON… All they were going to say was,Give %char2% to the princess, or something like that. Fine. Spit it out. If I didn’t let them talk, they’d never leave. Um… When the waves come… When the wave is here, I’d like to fight with you. What? What was he saying? I stuttered in disbelief and stared at the young soldier. Myself, and many other lower-ranking soldiers, were very impressed by the way you conducted yourself during the last wave. Also, I come from Riyute, and I feel the need to repay all that you’ve done for my family and friends there. Is that so? Yes. And, well… A number of us were impressed with your actions that day. We came to realize that if anyone fought to protect others, it was you, the Shield Hero. We formed a group—we want to fight with you. With me? I don’t think your commanding officers will be too excited about that. The knights and leaders of the kingdom had never shown any desire to cooperate with me on anything. Once, during the first wave, I’d been fighting off a hoard of monsters when they decided to rain fire down on me from afar. You’re right. They won’t be happy about it. But you protected us when we needed it. We want to follow your example and help others. And so you came looking for me? The guards posted around town are all in agreement. We’ve all talked it out, and we agreed that whoever found you first needed to stop you and tell you how we all feel. You don’t say. We aren’t supposed to fight against the wave directly. That’s not our role in the battle. Even still, we believe our number-one priority should be protecting our citizens from harm.    What a refined philosophy to have. If only the other stupid heroes shared it… So please, Shield Hero. When the next waves comes, let us fight with you. If you just want to fight against waves, I don’t see why you need to fight with me. There had to be some other reason they were offering me their services. There was probably some system of advancement within their military so that soldiers that proved themselves in battle would earn promotions quicker than their compatriots. If that was true, then battling side-by-side with a hero against the wave was sure to improve their standing. And even if we were heroes, no one could hope to face down a wave by themselves. They knew that I needed whatever help I could get. In the status magic bar there was a category under party members called Battle Formations. It probably referred to something we could use during the wave. It would make sense if we used it when battling the wave. It seemed like the proper way to go about it. It was probably something similar to online MMORPGs, where guilds and clans could fight one another. In this situation the enemy wouldn’t be another guild, but it seemed like they were talking about a similar set-up. If not, how were one person and their immediate party supposed to face down a whole wave of enemies? That would be about as reckless as a person could be. Sure, when we got to the boss monster, the high-level ace players—in this case that would be us heroes—would have to step up and defeat that monster. But what about the rest of the other, weaker monsters? You’d think that plenty of normal people and soldiers could take care of them easily enough. The last wave pretty much proved my theory. The last wave occurred near a village named Riyute, and the knights and soldiers were able to arrive quickly. That settled it easily enough. But the country was big. If the wave occurred somewhere far away, the damage would be incalculable. If that happened, there would only be a few of us there to protect people. Whatever. Setting aside the actual battle formations and strategy for a second, I wanted to know why these young soldiers wanted to fight by MY side. Was it because I was the weakest of the heroes? If there was a lot of competition to get in with a hero during battle, it only made sense for them to come to me first.    Either that, or it was all a big lie. Maybe they just wanted to arrest me when the wave arrived, and I was transported to the area it was occurring. Or they’d make me count on their participation and then leave me there when the time came just to spite me. That could have been it. We simply want to fight with you to protect our citizens. Of course, he could say whatever he wanted—that didn’t make it true. Are you trying to get a promotion or something? Not at all. He shook his head in response so quickly it was clear he expected the question. Then he turned and waved to someone standing behind me. It was a young boy in robes like a wizard. I say, Like a wizard, but his robes were nothing like the purple robes I’d seen at the magic shop. They seemed cheaper, shoddier. They were yellow. The two young soldiers lined up before me and bowed deeply. I… I am from Riyute. You saved my family, so I… I want to help you if I can. Ah, I get it now. So he felt obligated to me because I’d saved his family. If he really was from Riyute I could probably trust him. I’m sure you’re right—that there are plenty of people that would use you to secure a promotion. But I just want to help you. Huh, I guess there are some curious people in your group. Um… Shield Hero? The young boy dressed like a wizard raised his face. Looking closely, the boy was a demi-human. Melromarc was very obvious about its preference for humans over demihumans, so how could this young demi-human survive, much less become a soldier for the Crown? His robes were much shabbier than the wizards I’d seen during the last wave battle. Could it be that there was a reason for that besides his age and rank? This little guy is a real fan of the Shield Hero. Long ago, in a different country, there were legends of other Heroes appearing. This one as always looked up to the Shield Hero. Huh… It seemed like there really was a small group of people that believed in me and wanted to help. This kid hadn’t mentioned it directly, but it seemed like all the while I’d been peddling my wares and saving villages, there were people gathering to support me. I could give it a try.    There was a bag in the back of my carriage that was filled with accessories I’d yet to sell. I pulled it out. 150 pieces of silver. If you can pay for that, I’ll think about your offer. Huh? What’s wrong? If you guys buy this off me, I’ll trust you. Mr. %Name%… %char1% sighed and looked a little worn out. I suppose it did sound like I was demanding money when all they wanted was to help. Normally it would be the opposite. It was just my nature. If they were after promotions or money, then they’d turn their noses up at this. My real concern was that they might be connected with the younger princess, in which case I couldn’t trust them. Very well. We will go meet with everyone and collect the money you require. Please wait for us. The young soldier I’d been talking with made the declaration and ran off. Kid, I tell you—you’re awful. If something sounds too good to be true, it is. I have to make sure they aren’t lying. The young, wizard-looking boy was still there, just standing around. You disappointed in me? The young wizard-boy shook his head. I believe in you. Heh. Curious little kid. I was mulling it over when the soldier came running back. He was out of breath. Huff… Huff… everyone chipped in. Here you go. That was fast. I was just going to run around to the knights, but I stopped by the dormitories on the way. Everyone chipped in. Hmm… So I guess he’d asked quite a few people. I had purposefully asked for a lot of money. He passed me a heavy pouch, and I looked inside. Each person could only give a little bit, but it should all be there. Please believe us. Sure. Okay. How many people are you representing? Let me think. Including me… five. Huh. I took five items from the bag and gave them to the boy—along with all the money.    One of those items was a necklace that would absorb a certain level of damage. It was imbued with a special effect, making it a very convenient piece of equipment to have around. I was thinking of testing it, and I’d just made it on accident, so I felt like I could give it away. During the wave battles, you never knew when you were going to die. If they were going to fight with me, it seemed fine to let them have it. Um… This… I asked you to get the money—I didn’t say I was going to take it. I just wanted to get a feel for your sincerity. Because of this little test, it must have made it easier, even among your own group, to tell who was in this for real—and who just wanted to get their hands on money, or on a better position. Granted, the money was minted by the crown, so there was a limit on how much you could trust it. But they’d been polite enough. So I’d trust them for now. From the battle formation menu, I chose a formation leader and set it to the young soldier in front of me. The party status was set so that I was the leader, followed by %char1% and %char2%. Underneath that I was able to set the formation leader authority to the soldier. What it meant was that the solider had authority to give commands, but that authority was subject to my judgment. Basically, it meant that I could decide whether or not he would receive experience from our battles. This is… You understand? Sure. If you don’t want to be the leader, then give the authority to that guy. You just need to get together a group that wants to participate. But don’t misunderstand me. If you try to use us, or try to pull something sneaky, that authority will crumble, and the whole formation will break. Understood! Thank you! The two of them lined up and bowed deeply before leaving the room. There were plenty of holes I could poke in this situation, but it seemed like, just maybe, people around here were actually starting to believe in me. Except that, just like I’d warned them, if they crossed me I’d show no mercy. All right then, let’s go do the class-up thing. Hey, kid. You don’t have the nicest methods, but you are starting to act like a real Hero.    So you really were just trying to see if they were lying or not? It’s like I said: they could have been in it for profit. I had to see that they were willing to sacrifice. We left the weapon shop and went on our way. We might have run into some trouble, but now I could return to my immediate goal: class-up.       To class-up we had to make our way to the Dragon Hourglass. That reminds me. I heard that classing-up will open up a bunch of new opportunities. What do you want to do, %char1%? I want to do whatever you ask of me. Stop that. %char1%, you should decide on what you want for yourself. I’d played a game once that let you chose the path of light or the path of darkness after a certain class change. The whole point of that mechanic was that the player would pick whatever they wanted for themselves. When the waves are over and I go back to my own world, you’ll still be here without me. I need you to become strong enough to survive without me. What? Are you going to leave me, Mr. %Name%? Yeah. I didn’t feel any particular connection to this world. I’d helped some people and gotten a party of friends, but did that really make it worth it to save the world? If I didn’t like it there, I couldn’t think of any reason to stay. You wouldn’t take me with you? Where? What was she saying? If a girl like %char1% came to my world, people would stare at her. %char2% could take me there. Where are we going? I don’t think %char2% could take you there. Really? Let’s change the subject. %char2%, what do you want to do when you classup? I want to… Um… I want to learn to spit poison! … Now there’s a phrase for the history books. What did this stupid bird want now? Was it because we’d fought a lot of poison-type monsters lately? Did that make %char2% think that it was cool or something? Like the BioPlant and the Dragon Zombie? You’re already spitting poison. I just meant that she had a sharp tongue. She just babbled whatever she wanted without thinking about her surroundings. Really?!    She narrowed her mouth to a slit and exhaled sharply. Did I do it? That’s not what I meant. Anyway, let’s get going. We thought about the impending class-up and made out way to the Dragon Hourglass, our hearts leaping in our chests. The Dragon Hourglass was situated very prominently in the center of Melromarc’s Castle Town. There was a great view from the grounds. It was a very sunny spot too, and there was usually a crowd of people lounging around in the afternoon sun. I was thinking over the location on our way there, and soon enough we arrived at the Dragon Hourglass. Just like always, it stood silent in the building, a heavy and important atmosphere floating over the hush. You must be the Shield Hero. Just like the last time, I was greeted by a grumbling sister of the faith. Yeah. And to what do we owe the pleasure? We’d like to class-up. In that case, we will need 15 pieces of gold from each of you. 15 pieces of gold? Was she crazy? What could possibly justify a price that high?! The sister remained calm and unmoved, though her eyes seemed to be laughing at us. Was she waiting for us to say that we couldn’t afford it so that she could laugh in our faces? You said 15 pieces of gold each? With both %char1% and %char2%, we wouldn’t have enough money to cover it. But there was still time until the next wave came, so I guess we would just have to focus on making money with the time we had left. %char1%, you class-up first. What? Just Big Sister?! We don’t have enough money, so there isn’t much we can do about that. You can class-up the next time we come here, so just relax. I’ll get you a treat on the way home. She sighed in exaggerated discontent. I’d been meaning to treat her to something anyway, ever since she delivered that good kick to %char6%, so it was good timing. I took a bag filled with 15 pieces of gold, %char1%’s portion, and showed it    to the sister. The sister’s face suddenly flushed, and she ran to retrieve some documents from the desk at the front of the room. The Shield Hero is prohibited from classing-up. What?! What’s that supposed to mean!? It is a royal order. The Shield Hero and his party are prohibited from classing-up. That Trash king! He sure did know how to piss me off! First they set an illegal price, and then when I show that I can still afford it they say that I’m prohibited from even trying! Give me a break! If I couldn’t class-up, what could I do?! Why would I have to fight on without a job change? Was this some kind of new game + playing strategy for hardcore gamers? Give me a break! It is the rule. And besides, the Shield Hero has, right from the very start… oh… Never mind. From the very start WHAT? When I jumped to my feet, some knights that had been mulling about the back wall all snapped to attention. Geez! Fine… I put all my strength into my legs and pounded my feet loudly as we walked out of the room. I should have spent longer with the younger princess. What if she had really wanted to help me? She was in line to inherit the throne, and if she really did want to be on my side, she might have been able to do something about this stupid rule. And besides, if they were putting the brakes on my ability to class-up, that was a good enough reason to go see her anyway. What are we supposed to do? %char1% whispered. She looked upset. She was right. This was a major problem. Hey! What’s that big hourglass? I wanna look at it more! Calm down. I decided to look at the help menu. I found the section on class-up. I’d better read up. Class-up is a ceremony to increase the possibilities for party members of a Hero. The ceremony is performed at the Dragon Hourglass.    We suggest you wait until there is a star by your name before attempting to class-up. There are no limitations on the growth potential of a Hero. There were no limitations on a hero’s growth potential? That must mean that I, and only I, was able to level past 40? But… But that was no good at all! If there was no way to class-up %char1% and %char2%, then they’d be in a tough spot when it came time to battle, and that would leave us without any way to attack. There’s nothing we can do. Let’s come back to this later. It would be fine. I hadn’t planned on doing much more leveling until the wave had passed anyway. We could worry about all this after that. Maybe we’d meet an adventurer or two that had a certificate allowing the bearer to class-up. We could get %char1% to team up with them to get to classup—or something like that. We had some cash to throw around. Certainly we could come up with something. But that reminded me—the slave trader had slaves that were over level 40. I didn’t really want to spend more time with him than I had to, but I guess I didn’t have a choice. All right, let’s go see the slave trader. %char2% suddenly looked very scared. Are you going to sell me? I’m not going to sell you, so just calm down. She was sniffling, but she seemed to relax, and we all made for the slave trader’s tent. Even still, I was in a terrible mood. Whenever I felt myself getting grumpy, I closed my eyes and tried to recall %char6%’s face after %char2% had kicked him. That made me feel a little better. Mr. %Name%, that’s quite a smile you’ve got there! %char1% never knew when to shut up. What was wrong with laughing a little to myself?       We went to see the slave trader. Ah, if it isn’t the Hero? What can I do for you today? Before we get into that… I couldn’t help but focus on what he was wearing. He seemed suddenly very rich. His clothes and jewelry looked much more refined than they had before. You look like you’ve run into some success recently. All thanks to you, Hero. Yes sir. Huh? Since you’ve been out on the road selling your wares, I’ve used the opportunity to make some money myself. What’s that supposed to mean? I had a few theories on what he might be talking about, but I didn’t have the confidence to accuse him of any of them. First of all there was the %char2%lial Queen excitement. Many nobles and wealthy families have stopped by to inquire where they might find such a creature. So just seeing %char2% in the streets, pulling my cart, had helped advertise his store. It only made sense—considering what a rare creature she was, people would look into where she came from, and then they’d find the monster trainer pretty quickly. I’d met plenty of wealthy people who’d tried to buy her off of me directly. Come to think of it, that was probably why the younger princess had tried to get close to us in the first place. Not only was she a big help in battle, but she was a useful business tool also. Too bad for them, I wasn’t planning on selling her. Well, I’ve gained a reputation because of that, and now many people come to purchase monsters from me. Yes sir. Good for you. Of course, as for what makes a %char2%lial become a queen, no one actually knew—and we weren’t any closer to an answer. So of course I couldn’t sell her. Maybe if the %char2%lial was raised by a hero she’d become a queen? It was hard enough taking care of %char2%, I couldn’t even think about trying to manage two of them. Aside from the monsters, people have also seen your slave and come to    learn that the slaves I supply are of superlative quality. That’s led to some handsome profits. Yes sir. He was talking about %char1%. And he was right. Even I couldn’t help but notice that she had a beautiful face and body. If people caught sight of her, they were sure to consider this slave trader to be trustworthy. But I suppose this meant that I was largely responsible for his new business and profits. Now then, why have you come in today? Are you looking for a slave? Or are you looking to assist with my %char2%lial experiments? Slave Trader, what do you know about classing-up? Classing-up? Yeah. The Trash has declared that no one in my party is allowed to classup. It’s becoming a real headache. Then I remembered that you were selling slaves over level 40. I thought there might be a certificate, or some way around the rule. The slave trader turned to me and tenderly rubbed his chin in an impression of deep thought. I regret to inform you that I will be unable to assist you regarding your problem. I do not have any certificates. You don’t? Oh well, guess I came to the wrong place… So I guess he wasn’t able to level those slaves up through any sort of special authority he had. If you want to class-up, why not go over to our neighboring country? If you can gain their trust, then you should be able to use their Dragon Hourglass to class-up. What? Did that mean that there were dragon hourglasses in countries besides this one? You mean there are other dragon hourglasses outside of Melromarc? Yes, but it can take a very long time to earn their trust. Time was the one thing I didn’t have. I wanted to class-up as soon as possible. I wondered if my poor reputation had already spread to the neighboring country. If it had, then I might as well not even bother. If you are looking for a country that will be relatively easy to win over, may I suggest the mercenary kingdom of Zeltoble? You could also give some thought to the demi-human kingdoms of Siltvelt or Shieldfreeden. Yes. Other kingdoms will not be so easy. I didn’t know there were so many.    There are. For you, Hero, I’d recommend you try Siltvelt or Shieldfreeden. They should let you over their borders without much trouble. Hmm… How long would it take to get there from here? They are all about the same distance. About a month on foot or two weeks by boat. The slave trader pulled out a map and showed me what roads I would need to take. He was right. If you calculated backwards from the average daily distance we could cover, the borders were all very far away. %char2% could probably cover the distance in two weeks or so. Just to be safe, I decided to call it three weeks. If you had a flying dragon you could get there faster, but considering the modes of transport available to you right now, these are pretty much your only options. They’re so far… But if I wanted my party to get stronger, it looked like I didn’t have any other options. I’d just have to make up for lost time later. If I couldn’t get %char1% and %char2%’s levels up any higher, then there was no point. It was pretty much inevitable: we’d have to make for the nearest demi-human country. It was our only real option. Once the next wave passes, let’s go. I swear, the Trash would do anything to drive me crazy. It was his singular passion in life. Hero, was that the only reason for your visit today? The slave trader was wringing his hands. It was starting to look like he wasn’t going to let me leave so easily. Have you given any consideration to getting some weapons for your %char2%lial Queen there? A weapon for %char2%? A Weeeeepon? I guess I really hadn’t purchased anything for her but those clothes. She really did already have a pretty great attack power, but with the wave coming it might not be a bad idea to try and get her some equipment. If I did, I’d talk to the weapon shop guy first. He made the best stuff. Some claws for her made from dragon bone or something would be good. Just so you know, monster equipment is only dealt with by monster trainers. So a normal weapon shop won’t carry the things you are looking for. A normal shop might be able to do a custom order for you, but the cost would be through the roof.    Damn, he knew exactly what I’d been thinking. Can you do it? I’d promised %char2% some kind of treat. This could be it. Just thinking of her kicking %char6% with some claws equipped put a smile on my face. The slave trader’s eyes moved over %char2%. %char2%, in her human form, had been humming a song to herself, but when she noticed him looking at her she quickly ducked behind me to hide. She really didn’t like him. A weapon for her would be either a horn for her head, or some kind of spiked horseshoe for her feet. If you are looking for armor, they make some for %char2%lials… Thinking about %char2%’s body shape though, I doubted there was any armor made that would fit her. We could get a piece of armor custom-made for her unique body type. But %char2% transformed into human-form a lot, and if the armor couldn’t change shape with her then changing in and out of it would be a real pain. What do you have in mind when you say, ‘Horn?’ It’s a type of helmet that fits over the head and is spiked. It turns a head butt into a deadly attack. Hmm… The horseshoes he mentioned must have been some kind of hard shoe. Finally, there are claws. Well, well. %char2%, what do you think? Hm? %char2% still looked nervous. Was she so afraid of the slave trader that she had stopped listening to the conversation? There’s a helmet for your head, or shoes for your feet. Then there is armor. But I like to transform, and I don’t want the armor to pinch me, so no thanks! I wonder if that thread the tailor had given her in the past was still working for her? We had a tailor make %char2% some clothes for when she was in her human form. They were made from magical fabric that turned into a simple ribbon when she was in her %char2%lial Queen form. The helmet would work fine when she was a bird, but it would be way too big and heavy for her human form. The horseshoes would hurt her feet, and the armor would never fit. What else was left? We could go back to the tailor and see if there was some kind of metal version of the clothes we made—but that    was sure to cost a small fortune, and the defense rating would probably be a joke. If you’re looking for something that can easily be taken on and off, may I suggest the claws? Yes sir. Sure. What do you think, %char2%? Okay! I’ll just get your measurements then. Can you transform into your monster form for me? Hear that, %char2%? Okay! There was a puff of smoke, and %char2% was back in her monster form. She held out her foot so that the slave trader could measure it. But the slave trader did not move. A subordinate of his emerged from the shadows and measured %char2%’s foot. Hmm… She’s much larger than an average %char2%lial. How long will it take? Luckily enough, I think we have this size in stock. Will iron claws work for you? I didn’t know how to answer that because I didn’t know what sort of attack power I could expect from different materials. Is it more important for them to be hard? Or is it better that they are sharp? I have a little spare cash, so give me the best you have. Right away, Sir. The best I can do at the moment is magic iron. And how much will that cost me? Well you are a loyal customer, so I think we can offer you a special price. How does 5 gold pieces sound. It’s half the market price. Can I haggle you down? Your parsimony never fails to impress me, Hero. Very well, I will accept 4 pieces. That’ll do it. Throw in some reins too. Absolutely! The slave trader was looking very excited. He was easy enough to manipulate, but I was getting the feeling that I was being used too. In that sense he was very skilled at business. I’d have to be on my guard. He brought out a pair of large claws from the back. They were made of metal, and were just large enough to fit %char2%’s feet. I can’t believe you keep claws that big in stock. They are actually designed for flying dragons. It’s the largest size we carry.    So they weren’t for %char2%lials. They go on my feet? Yeah, those are your weapons. The claws were lined up on the floor. %char2% stepped into them. They look like a perfect fit. They really did. All you had to do was tie the strings over her feet to keep them on. %char2% raised one of her feet into the air and wiggled it to get a feel for the claws. They feel so weeeeird! Get used to it. With those on, your attack power will be way higher than it used to be. Her legs were already really strong. If her attack power went up even higher… I found myself mentally replaying the scene of %char2% kicking %char6%. It has been such a funny thing to see, but if she kicked him with these on she’d probably rip him in half. It was funny to think about, but if it really happened he’d be in real danger. %char2%, from now on when you see that guy with the spear, you can only kick him if you are not wearing those claws, okay? But why? Because he wouldn’t get out of it with just a pair of smashed balls. Sure he was a jerk, but he was still a hero. Who knew what would happen if we killed him? Maybe it was even too late to try and restrain %char2%. Hmmm… It looked like she was focused on exploring her new claws and was only half-listening to me. Was she really listening? I gave four 4 gold pieces to the slave trader. Thanks for your help. If you’d like to express your gratitude you may. No thanks, but that reminds me of something. Is there anything she can practice using those claws on? Do I get to kick something? Unfortunately, I would be in a tough position if you were to kill any of the monsters I have here. Yes sir. So I guess he was saying he didn’t have anything that would survive a kick with those claws. And yet if we tested them in the field and it turned out that they were of    poor quality, that would put US in a tough position. I guess we could go just outside the town gates and try them there—but the balloons were too weak to really try them out on. I’d like to try them on some strong monsters, but where am I supposed to find any? If you head for the coliseum in Zeltoble, you should be able to fight whatever you like. But it’s really far, right? Yes. That wouldn’t work. We didn’t have that much time before the wave came. We’d just have to try our luck out on the plains. I could have tried them out on the slave trader, but that would probably come back to bite me. Well, now that you mention it, I have something that might be just perfect for someone in your situation. The slave trader’s subordinate stepped forward and spoke. Yeah, what’s that? The nobility of Melromarc has been using the sewers to raise a monster in secret, but it grew too large for them to control it. So it’s under their control with a monster control spell? It had been acting on its own for so long that it found ways to get around being controlled. That didn’t sound good at all… And the monster has gotten so big that the spell stopped being strong enough to control it quite a long time ago. How could they allow a monster like that free reign in the sewers? If a kid or something went inside to play, just think what could happen. It was like some kind of movie—the idea that there was monster hiding out in the sewers. I couldn’t explain why, but I was picturing some kind of alligator. No one has gotten hurt yet, but people are talking about hiring an adventurer to go down there and take care of it. I assume there is some kind of reward? Naturally. Yes sir. I nodded along, deciding that taking the job would be a good idea. Very well then, this way please. The slave trader led me to the back of the tent. Soon we left the tent all together and were at the entrance to some kind of large tunnel, which apparently was an entrance to the sewers. …    So he’d already been prepared to bring us here. What was that supposed to mean? This is a map of the sewer system. The slave trader handed me a map that had apparently had a spell cast on it. The target area was glowing. This will tell you where the monster you are hunting is at the moment. Yes sir. Good. By the way, what level is this thing at? The owners stopped keeping track at level 50. Yes sir. As for its current level, no one knows. So it was over level 50. Guess that meant that even monsters could class-up before we could. But at the very least, it seems that owned monsters can’t level up on their own quite the same way that monsters in the wild can. So its growth would have to be limited to how big it could grow on the food it could find in the sewers… maybe. The sewers stunk as badly as you’d think. I pinched my nose as we walked. It stinks! Yes, it does. Both of you just deal with it. We’re almost there! We had walked a long way into the sewers without running into any dangerous monsters. The slave trader’s subordinate had given us some instruction to get through the tricky parts, and so we were able to arrive without much trouble at all. And when we got there the monster we found was… yup—an alligator. Its body was a yellowish-white, and it’s eyes were shining red, it looked really creepy down in the sewers. All together it was probably around six meters long. Which is huge. I mean it wasn’t a dragon, but it looked very strong. Grrrrrrr… Are we fighting that thing? Yes. Hey %char1%, give that new sword of yours a practice swing. Okay! We all turned and readied ourselves for the fight against the monster, the Cream Alligator. Let’s do it! The Alligator came running at us with its jaws open wide, trying to eat us. I jumped out of the way, and once I saw its jaws snap shut I leapt onto its head to    keep it from opening its mouth again. I’d read a book once about how to fight off an alligator. Of course, that book was about alligators back in my world. Even still, it seemed to be working. Grr?! I kept my weight on the top of its head, but it was trying so hard to open its jaws that its eyes were spinning. But, probably because of how much weight I was throwing at it, it wasn’t having much luck. Now! Argh! %char1% ran at the Cream Alligator’s thrashing tail and swung her new sword. With a swift and satisfying thwack the sword slid through the tail, slicing it off clean and leaving a stump. The rest of the tail went flying through the air. …?! Big Sister, you’re so strong! I won’t let you show me up! %char2% dropped her weight to charge up, then turned to the Cream Alligator’s exposed belly and kicked it with all her might. The alligator flew into the air. Finish it! The spinning gator crashed into the floor headfirst. Then… Well, its skull was completely crushed, so the Cream Alligator just lay there, dead. I had been standing near where it landed though, and now I was drenched in its blood. Wow! Wow! These claws are awesome! That would have been a little harder without them! Um… %char2% was so excited about her victory that she was jumping up and down in place and cheering. And the monster was apparently over level 50, so I guess our new weapons were working really well. And so our test of %char1%’s new sword and %char2%’s new claws was a resounding success. We hurried back to the slave trader’s tent, though of course I cleaned the blood off of myself before we got there. By the way, I did go ahead and let the shield absorb the Cream Alligator’s body, but it only unlocked a shield that wasn’t as strong as the Chimera Viper    Shield. As for equip effects, there was only one. It was an ability that raised your fighting ability at night—apparently by improving your vision in the dark. Well, well… I must say I’m very impressed that you were able to defeat the monster in such a short amount of time. Very impressed indeed. Yes sir.     The slave trader was obviously excited by what had just happened. His eyes flashed when he gave me the reward money. That money more than covered the price of the claws. I was ready to leave, thinking we had nothing else we needed to do there, but then I remembered something. Back when we’d fought those bandits in the woods, I thought about selling some of them into slavery, but it would have been a pain so I never did. In this country humans are not allowed as slaves. If you looked really hard though, I’m sure you could find a buyer. They’ll want high quality specimens though, and it will be risky. So I guess demi-humans were as far as you could push it here. They were human-supremacists after all. Ok then. Later. We turned and left the tent. %char2% turned back into a human and carried her claws. Our shopping was finished for the time being, so we went back to the weapon shop. Hey kid, that carriage isn’t looking so good these days. It has gotten a lot of use. %char2% loved the carriage so much that we hadn’t even parted with it long enough to make repairs. I’d done what I could on my own, but I wasn’t a professional. Want me to make you a new one? Really? %char2%’s eyes were flashing in anticipation. C’mon %char2%… I just bought you those claws. But… It had been rattling more than normal lately, so I’d thought about getting it fixed. As for buying a new one, I wasn’t so sure about that. I’d make it as cheaply as I could. He was right. If we wanted to keep traveling, I needed to consider the durability of my carriage. I didn’t want to spoil %char2%, but at the same time, if we were going to have to keep making repairs to our rickety wood cart, it would be better, in the long-run, to just have a higher-quality one built. I’d like a durable one that can fit a lot of materials in it. My budget is around 10 pieces of gold. With 10 pieces of gold you can make a really nice carriage. You don’t care about how it’s decorated, do you? Of course not. Focus on the practical details. %char2% doesn’t mind if it’s    heavy. Sometimes %char2% even pulled the carriage with one hand. We could make it much heavier and she wouldn’t complain. Gotcha, kid. Leave it to me. The bird-girl is fine with it, right? Um… Yeah! I want a big one—like a house! That’d be pretty big, lass. That would have put us over budget. I was about to mention it when the owner gave me a sign that he knew what I was thinking. Thanks. Now lass—it’s good to have dreams and ambitions, but why not wait until you are bigger and stronger before you make one that big? But… Wouldn’t you be embarrassed if I made one that big and you couldn’t pull it? Yeah… Excellent. Well, I don’t know how much you can pull, so I’ll just make something that looks good to me. Okay? Yeah, and it would be custom anyway. It would be different from the sorts of carriages that the nobility used, so it was a new project all together. That made it important to set priorities. Fine. I’d like a new carriage then. Good thinking, kid. Okay then—we still had some time before the wave came. It would be a little while before the weapons and carriage were ready, so I decided to get back to our traveling merchant work.       I was thinking that we could probably move our stock faster. So we went to a village in the southwest and purchased cheaper materials. You see, I’d heard that there was a famine in the north, which meant I could sell my stock for more money and make a good profit. The village in the southwest was the very same village we’d already visited, where the BioPlant monster had caused a big ruckus. We cleaned up their mess for them the last time we were there, but before we left we gave them the improved BioPlant seed. That’s why I figured they’d be willing to sell us some food at a cheap price. And, just like I’d expected, the villagers were happy to see us. They sold us food at a huge discount. From the look of things, the improved BioPlant seed I’d given them had been planted. The fields of that southwestern village were covered in vines that hung with plump, red, tomato-like fruit. We loaded up the carriage and headed north. Then something happened in a little town on the way there: Huh? Some kind of traveling merchant certificate? We were stopped on our way into town by a guard on duty who demanded a tariff and taxes for his governor. So I showed him the certificate from Riyute, but… That means nothing here! Pay your dues! But… The guard ignored %char1%’s protest and continued to demand money. I stepped forward to start negotiating with him, but he wouldn’t back down. You brute! Hm… For them to get so angry, something must have been going on. Since I started this whole traveling merchant gig I’d learned a thing or two about how to get your way. The first of which was threats. If you had power you could use it to force people to agree to things they normally wouldn’t. You had to identify their weakness and use it to sell things at a higher price. This strategy worked the best on haughty customers. But looking at the way this guard was acting, he was taking us seriously. The next was negotiation. We form our relationships with people based on the ebb and flow of conversation. It works the best on people who aren’t antagonistic. This guy was not exactly antagonistic. He was in a    hurry. If neither of these methods would work on him, it must mean that… Sounds like your governor is a pretty crazy guy. I looked around the town and muttered to myself. The guard noticed and his expression changed slightly. Do not speak ill of our governor! You’ll have charges brought against you! Things were starting to make sense. The guard apparently had bigger problems that just dealing with us—in which case, neither of my strategies would work. If I pushed too hard, we’d end up paying for it. If I wanted him to budge, I’d have to create a big stink and get him flustered, or cause enough of a fuss to get the governor to come talk to me. But I had no way of knowing if the merits of the outcome would compensate for the risk of the undertaking. Fine then. I can see you have your own problems to deal with. I gave him the amount of money that he asked for. When I did, the guard suddenly looked very disappointed. Here you go. He leaned forward and whispered. Sorry… No problem. He must have been under orders from the Trash. There was obviously some kind of problem with the governor here. We entered the town to find taxes levied on nearly everything. From food and equipment to handicrafts and rooms at the inn. And the tax rate was invariably high. It looked like the town had plunged into some sort of depression. The markets were nearly empty. The businesses must have been under the burden of heavy taxes. I’m going to go look for some food and try and figure out what’s going on. Okay. Yay! Bring me back a souvenir! You have enough already. Don’t tell me you still want more!? Didn’t %char2% realize how overpriced everything was here? I left %char1% and %char2%, who was in human form, in the inn and went out to a bar to figure out what was going on. Also, I turned my shield into the Book Shield and roughed up my    appearance a little before I entered the bar. And there was someone I knew there. Someone I didn’t want to run into. Or so it seemed. He carried a bow, but for some reason also had a sword at his waist. He was dressed simply, and carried shabby equipment. And he was holding a small bow that could change shapes, like my Book Shield. If it were my first time meeting him, I could be forgiven for thinking he was a vagabond. He had some people with him, one of whom was wearing brightly colored armor—the guy with the bow hid in the shadows. That’s right, %char5%, the Bow Hero, was hiding out in the corner of a bar, deeply involved in conversation. Like %char6%, this one had also arrived from some alternate Japan. He was 17-years-old, and had the face of a quiet piano player. He kind of looked mild-tempered. He hadn’t noticed me yet. I wondered what he was talking about, so I slunk over without letting him see me and tried to eavesdrop. The governor is… It sounded like he and his party were gathering information on the local governor. From what I could gather it sounded like the guy had set his taxes higher than what the Crown demanded, and accepted bribes from some merchants in the area. He used the money to hire a bodyguard and would severely punish anyone who spoke out against him. Everything he did, he did to line his own pockets. All in all, he sounded like your standard corrupt official. Sounds like we’ll have to teach him a lesson. Whoa! I was so surprised by %char5%’s words that I nearly lost my footing. But how should I go about joining the conversation? Here he was hiding out for no reason, and, putting aside whatever his plan was—just what kind of a General Commander did he think he was? Did he think he was traveling the world to save it? Even accounting for lies and elaboration, I still hadn’t heard a peep about what the Bow Hero was up to. Although, to be fair, I was traveling around as a holy man with a bird-god, so I couldn’t exactly deride him for hiding his identity. But in my case I had a good reason—people had been lied to about the Shield Hero, and there was a terrible reputation I had to escape. Even now, if people found out who I was they would be on guard, so it was in my interests to let them think I was a saint. People still whispered about the Shield Demon!    Anyway, as far as I knew there was no compelling reason for %char5% the Bow Hero to keep his identity secret. Was it some kind of order from the Crown? Even if it was, I never heard anything about the Bow Hero. So he was purposely lying about who he was… Very well then. Everyone, let’s go. They finished their conversation, and %char5% led his party out of the bar. My best guess was that they were planning on heading over to the governor’s mansion and causing a ruckus before revealing %char5%’s identity and telling the corrupt guy off. There were similar storylines in my own world in period dramas on TV. They always feature the archetypal traveling warrior who rights the wrongs of the world. It was easy enough to picture. The king would find out that the corrupt politician had been deposed, and he’d appoint someone new. It all made sense. Was he an idiot? Why go out of your way to get further involved? I carried out what I’d come there to do: look for information on where I could buy foodstuffs for a reasonable price. Then I went back to the inn for the night. %char2%’s souvenir? Like I would buy souvenirs in a town where the cost of living is through the roof? Of course %char2% had some choice words to say about that, but I didn’t bother listening. The next morning the whole town was talking. Adventurers had infiltrated the town in the night and had removed the governor from office. Among the throngs of pedestrians moving up and down the street, %char5% was standing around chatting up a beautiful girl. Oh woooow! No, really, thank you so muuuuuch! Oh, it’s really no trouble at all. But it is a secret, all right? A secret? I don’t think so! My suspicions had been confirmed. I figured out why I hadn’t heard anything about %char5% this whole time. He was the kind of guy that liked to hide his real abilities so that he could pull them out when necessary and drive everyone wild. If he really was able to enjoy that kind of game, he had pretty poor taste as far as I could tell. He was going out of his way to hide his identity just so he could revel in the joy of exposing himself. If that’s not what he was after, why would he be standing there in the middle of the street? Or at the very least I’d figured out that he didn’t have to run from anything like I did, so he wasn’t doing it to protect himself.    I could picture it all now. The evil governor demanded taxes they couldn’t pay, so he took this girl away from her poor geriatric father as payment. I’d seen a period drama like that on TV once. Give me a break. I got out of town as fast as I could. We travelled for half a day or so before we came to a town near the border with a neighboring country. We were able to sell all the food that we hadn’t sold off the day before, and it sold out very quickly. I guessed we were getting into areas affected by the famine. But there were a lot of people around that didn’t seem to be locals. Maybe it was the way they dressed. I don’t know. I can’t put my finger on it exactly, but I could tell they were from somewhere far away. Hey, you guys… I’d heard rumors of a nearby country ruled by a despot, but the tyrant had recently been ousted from power. I felt like I was probably getting close. Were these people citizens of that country, here for business? Some of them walked by, and a passing glance into my carriage excited them so much that they immediately ran over and started talking business with me. But they didn’t want to use money. They wanted to barter with me. I could use medicinal herbs and stuff, sure—but I didn’t have much use for lumber or wooden handicrafts. I climbed down from the carriage and started talking with them. I’d really prefer money. If they foisted their bundles of straw and twine and stacks of charcoal on me, I’d have no way to get rid of it. On the other hand, I could take a lot of medicinal herbs and process it all into medicine. I’m sorry, but we don’t have money… The person speaking was all skin and bones. He looked like he might keel over at any moment. I’ll get some food for you all. Eat it and be on your way. There was no getting around it, so I borrowed a large pot from some villagers. It looked like the villagers were also on the verge of starvation, so they were more than willing to help. Thank you so much! Everyone gathered around the giant pot and ravenously scarfed the food down. While everyone was eating, I took the opportunity to ask just what was    going on in these parts. They said that everything was fine until the despot was ousted. The tax burden was eased, and everyone’s lives started getting better. But soon enough things went back to how they had been. The worst part was the leaders of the resistance had started raising taxes again as soon as they were in power. But why? After all they went through to oust the bad king? Well, they needed funds to manage the country, and to secure enough money for the military, they had to raise taxes. I was starting to understand. It wasn’t just that the king was a bad guy. It was that he needed to raise funds to secure their military strength in order to protect the country. If your country lost its citizens then you wouldn’t have a country—so you would lose your country if you didn’t protect its citizens. In the midst of all that, if you only listened to the negative rumors about the king, well, of course you’d want to oust him from power. I didn’t know anything about that king, but I couldn’t help feeling an affinity for him—to be hated and ousted by your own people. Certainly there were times in life when you had to do things because you had no choice, whether or not your actions would be viewed in a positive light or not. But that doesn’t apply to the Trash king. That guy was an evil idiot from day one. Even if the leadership changes, we still can’t support ourselves. So we’ve brought all our valuables across the border, here to Melromarc, to see if we won’t have better luck in this more prosperous land. The poor king! He really was thinking of his citizens first! Whose fault is it that I’m this hungry?! Shut up! You would doubt me? Yeah! %char2% knew just what to say to piss him off, so I had to control her. She’d started to learn a little bit about how the world works, and she’d developed a dirty mouth in the process. I thought he looked… %char1% was whispering to herself and looking over at us with a strange look on her face. Maybe… Mr. %Name%? Huh? Oh, it’s nothing.    %char2% was running her mouth off, but if I had to make a guess from the rumors I’d heard, it sounded like %char5% had been assisting the resistance. Maybe his heart wasn’t as pure as he wanted everyone to think it was. As for these refugees, were they sneaking across the border to buy stuff on the black market? By the way, it looked like market prices in the area were soaring. That was good for me. %char5%, the little General that he thought he was, traveling around righting the world’s wrongs, you’d think he would stick around to give some support. He was only using these people to satisfy his own little sense of personal justice! With how things are now, our country is at great risk of invasion! Anyone could rush in and take over, but we can’t even afford to eat. Really. Maybe it was due to the waves, but it seemed like famines were breaking out everywhere. Oh well. I found the leader of the ragged group and gave him one of my improved BioPlant seeds. What’s this? If you plant it, it grows food very quickly. It actually caused a big problem down in the south, but I was able to fix it with a special technique of mine. It should be fine now, but you should still keep a close eye on it. If you don’t manage it well, it could turn into a real headache. Oh, Wow! I’ll come back through here in a while. I’ll accept your gratitude then. The next time I came through the area, I was sure to get a warm greeting. They all obviously knew who I really was. Later, I heard that the citizens of that small country, suffering from famine, finally had some food to fill in their bellies.       The sun was setting, so we went back to the inn for that day and focused on treating %char1%’s wounds. I poured the holy water into a different bottle so I could use it to soak bandages. And then I wrapped those around her body. There was a soft hiss, and black smoke slowly snaked from the bandages. Her skin was looking much better, but apparently the root of the curse was still in there somewhere. If we kept up with her treatment the wounds were sure to heal though. Are you okay? Oh, yes. It’s like... it’s like… itchy, and my muscles relax. It feels strange. Oh… I wanted her to get better as soon as possible. Especially considering that I was the one who had hurt her. The places that you’ve treated feel much better than they did, Mr. %Name%. That’s good to hear. I wanted her to be completely healed. How much longer would that take? Hey, no fair! Big Sister gets to cuddle Master all by herself! %char2% knew that we were trying to treat %char1%’s curse, but she never missed a chance to yell something annoying. We are not CUDDLING! She’s right. We are trying to heal %char1%’s wounds. Cuddling? Is that what she thought? Oh well. Where did she even learn a word like that? Regardless, we weren’t cuddling. %char1% and I did not have that kind of relationship. Oh… Because %char1% is all black? I wouldn’t phrase it that way. They were becoming good friends. Well, the next wave will be here soon. Why don’t we head back to Castle Town, pick up the new stuff from the weapons guy, and then take it easy? Okaaaay! That is a good idea. We’ve been very busy lately. A little break would be wonderful. Yeah, that’s what I was thinking. Master, are you going to make food for us?    Sure. Maybe we can borrow that metal plate from the weapon shop guy again. Yay! We spent the rest of the night tending to %char1%’s wounds, and then we went to bed. After a few days of meticulous holy water application, %char1% was completely cured. I was so relieved that worked so quickly. We decided to stop our traveling sales activities for the moment and went back to Castle Town to see what kind of things the weapon shop owner had prepared for us. The wave would be here soon enough, so it was high time we got prepared in earnest. We arrived at the weapon shop just as he was opening his doors for the day. Hey kid, you’re out bright and early. I guess. Well? How’d it go? Check it out. The old guy went into the back of the shop and came out with his arms full of my new equipment. It was made from bits of chimera and dragon bones: Bone Mail… Except that it looked almost exactly like the equipment I already had. It looked like something an apocalyptic gang member might wear. Honestly, from a distance it looked the exact same as my current armor. Except that it had some glossy parts, and some color here and there. Old dude, are you trying to turn me into the boss of a bandit team? I guess it was because he’d made it from parts of the bandits’ armor, but it would have been nice if he had taken it in a different direction. Huh? What are you talking about, kid? Was I supposed to wear that? I know it was a fantasy world, but it was starting to feel like all of my clothes had a villainous look to them. What do you call that armor? Well, it’s all custom, so I don’t even know. How about Barbarian Armor +1? I don’t think the +1 really captures all you’ve done. The armor had been held together with a denim-like fabric before, and that had been replaced by dragon skin, which looked like glossy black rubber. Around the chest was a plate of metal. It really didn’t look any different. Barbarian Armor +1: defense up: attack endurance (medium): fire    resistance (strong): shadow resistance (strong): HP restore (weak): magic up (medium), magic defense processing: automatic recovery function The armor came with a whole list of resistances. Automatic recovery, I think that was pretty much self-explanatory. It would probably repair itself if it broke. If the armor came with so many different functions, I’d probably never take it off.     What is it, kid? I thought maybe you were holding out hopes for me. There had to be some reasons that he made the clothes the way he did. Did he want people to think I was a criminal? Master, are you going to ride on me dressed like that? I hope so! Guess what? I found some black glasses? I think it would be fun to run if we were wearing these. %char2% was staring at me, her eyes shining. What was she up to? Kid. When that bird-girl is in her human form and she yells ‘ride me,’ there are bound to be some misinterpretations. Shut up! You know we don’t mean it like that! I wondered, did he just think of armor making as a way to piss me off? Was this some kind of joke to him? What is it, kid? I guess not. He didn’t seem to have anything but good intentions. Oh, um… Nothing. I’ll take it. %char1% was standing off to the side, saying how cool I looked. Whatever. If I walked around town dressed like this, I was going to stick out like a sore thumb. All right, what should we do? If we wanted to get any stronger, we’d have to find some way to class-up %char1% and %char2%. When the wave came, we’d be automatically summoned. If so, why not use our time on a trip to the neighboring country where we could make some money and level up a bit? We still have some time before the wave comes. %char1%, %char2%, do you guys want any accessories? Accessories? Yeah, to compliment your equipment. I think we could get some made up easily enough. I’d made up my mind to try and get them some kind of present for their efforts. This was a good time to do it. %char1%, you’re getting to the age where you probably have started to care about that kind of stuff, right? I... Uh… Me tooo! I know. That’s why I asked you both if you wanted anything.    %char1% looked like she was a little stunned. Was what I was saying really all that surprising? Hey! You know what I want? A hairpin! So %char2% wanted a hairpin? That was a shock… I thought for sure she would ask for a saddle or something. A hairpin? Why? It won’t pinch me when I transform! I guess she was still worried about that. Whatever, if she put it on her head she would be just fine. And considering how young she looked when she was in human form, it actually wasn’t inappropriate at all. %char1%, what do you want? Me? Hmm… She thought about it for a moment before looking at me and answering. I’d like a bangle. But I would like it to be imbued with equip effects. What? I would like something that will contribute to my abilities, Mr. %Name%. What was she hinting at? She had responded differently than I’d expected, and I couldn’t quite follow along. I thought she would want a ring, or earrings, or a necklace, but she wanted a bangle—and it had to have equip effects. I’m sure it was my fault for raising her this way. Oh, um. Okay then. I’ll see what I can do. Me tooooo! Okay, okay.       Oh! There he is! We left the weapon shop to find, for whatever reason, %char5%, Ren, and their parties all running in our direction. Ren was like me. No, actually he came from some sci-fi version of Japan where people could actually enter virtual worlds online. And he was summoned to this world as the Sword Hero. Like %char6%, he had a handsome face, attractive. There was something almost womanly about him. His black hair had a shiny quality to it, and he was silent—cool. What did it mean? They were all together here in the town at the same time? %char5%, unlike the last time I saw him in shabby dress, was clad in good equipment. They must have noticed the miserable look on my face. %char5% stepped forward and called out in a loud voice: It was YOU. I fulfilled an official request, and you swept in to steal my reward! What?! Why did I have to steal his petty reward? Me too. You stole my rewards as well. Ren looked like he could kill me with his eyes. I had an idea of what he was getting at. Who was it that caused all the trouble in the mountain town? Who let everyone get infected by that horrible disease? Ren, okay, you’re right about that. But I don’t know what %char5% is talking about. You’re going to play dumb?! I don’t know what I don’t know. Ok, hold on. We need to talk it out first, if we don’t, what will %Name% confess to? You’re going to assume I’m guilty before we even talk? Did Master do something? Nothing I can remember. I tried to comfort %char2% and %char1% while glaring at Ren and %char5%. Anyway. Why don’t you at least tell me what you are talking about? %char5% started explaining what exactly his qualm with me was.    It happened in a northern territory. I’d been charged with investigating the actions of a local despot, and then I was charged with removing him from office —which I did. After that, he apparently did what he always did, which was send one of his party members (who was always dressed in gaudy armor) to receive his reward payment from the guild that divided out these requests. But when he went to receive payment he was told that the payment had already been accepted, and the only person %char5% could think of that would do such a thing was myself. Um, excuse me for speaking out of turn, General Commander, but have you ever considered that if a hero goes out of his way to hide is real identity, he might not get recognition for his actions? General Commander?! What’s that supposed to mean? You were walking around with a sword on your belt, pretending to be a generic adventurer. Weren’t you, General? %char5%, perhaps thrown off guard, started yelling at me. His attitude of secrecy towards his quests was clearly becoming a problem. No one had any way of knowing what the Bow Hero looked like, or what he was doing. So the people of Melromarc would obviously think that all the good being done in the world was the work of the Sword and Spear Heroes. He could swear up and down that he was really doing lots of awesome stuff, but that wasn’t going to affect his reputation at all. Sure, it was a cool idea to sneak around saving people, to be a secret hero, but that wasn’t going to gain him any recognition. I was still a student, but I knew enough about the world to know that once I went out in the world I was going to be responsible for my own reputation. As for %char5%, if he was still dressed as the Bow Hero and someone else was screaming to take responsibility for his actions, then he wouldn’t be able to get anyone to believe him with his normal taciturn demeanor. But it’s not like a hero who behaved like that would also be the kind of person to chase after money and fame by doing evil things in secret. I did feel a little self-conscious listening to him speak though, considering that people were calling me the saint of the bird-god. When you complete a quest, is it counted as being completed by the Bow Hero? As far as I know, the only quest we can confirm you carried out was what you did up in the town with the taxes. And that’s because I saw you there. But that’s because I am acting in secret. Then let me confirm. There was a bow-carrying adventurer who helped support a resistance effort in the northern country. Was that you?    Y...Yes! I fought with the resistance to out the evil king who was ruling as a despot. We ousted him. And do you know what ended up happening in that country after you left? Well the evil king is gone, so I’m sure they are prospering. They are NOT prospering. They are starving, and things are so bad they are sneaking over the border to barter for food. No! That can’t be true! Why? Well, think about it. The king might have been a bad guy, but the whole country was also in the midst of a famine. Just switching out the king isn’t going to make that go away. That doesn’t have anything to do with me. Stop changing the subject. Ugh… Irresponsible brat… Couldn’t he care, even a little? Ok, back to the topic at hand then. You send a party member to go receive your payment? Can your party member explain all this? Y…Yes! Of course! Of course! At the guild, right? And this friend of yours has some way to prove that he is your party member to whoever is in charge or dolling out payment? Yes, well. There is a certificate! A certificate bearing the royal seal! %char5%’s face displayed his confidence. What was he even saying? It’s a special certificate, made with special technology! It would be very difficult to fake! That’s all well and fine, but since I don’t have such a certificate, how was I supposed to pick up your payment? Dammit… %char5% swore in annoyance. He knew I was right. Then… What about this weapon? Now he was really reaching for excuses. I guess he was desperate to make this my fault somehow. You can change the shape of your Shield, so you could have made it look like my Legendary Bow and taken my payment without the certificate! You think? Look around you, there must be plenty of people that could pull off a scheme like that. Can you prove that? %char2%. What? Turn back into your real form. Okay. %char2% turned back into her real form. When she did, her clothes disappeared    and reformed as a ribbon that wrapped around her neck. I pointed to the ribbon. What?! Get it? Transforming equipment exists in this world. There might be tons of different kinds of equipment that can change to look like a bow. And besides, when it comes to heroes, I’m not the only one with a transforming weapon. I’m sure you see where I am going with this… But... %char5%, give up already. You don’t have enough evidence to accuse %Name%. %char5% was desperate to pin his troubles on me, but Ren stepped forward and told him to back off. Besides, did you even ask what they looked like? This person that pretended to be you? Um... No… but… Ren’s questions were pointed enough that %char5% was losing his confidence. You just have to give up. If you want recognition for your actions you’re going to have to be more open about them. Okay, I’m next… I assume you’re talking about the eastern territory epidemic? At least we are on the same page. You stole my reward. Only because I was there. Don’t you know? You killed a dragon, but its corpse started to rot and it spread disease over the whole area. What?! Ren was suddenly speechless. He stood in temporary silence. What was he thinking? I thought he was crueler than this. A lot of people ended up dying. They had to start a new graveyard out behind their main hall. If I hadn’t been passing by, they’d all be dead by now. That can’t be true… He looked unsteady on his feet and tottered off vaguely to the east. Wait, wait! You don’t have enough time to get there. What about the wave? But… If it’s my fault… I took care of the dragon corpse. The sick people are all getting treatment from a local doctor. If you want to call that ‘stealing your reward’ then go ahead. All the color had left Ren’s face. Are you going to believe him?! %char5% turned and shouted at Ren. He doesn’t have a reason to lie. The quest was completed, and so the reward was canceled. That’s not incorrect.    When the dragon corpse reanimated and became a Zombie Dragon, I have to say—I was pretty surprised. %char1% here ended up cursed after that fight. We were able to get her healed, but it was a hard time going. I wasn’t lying. But I didn’t mention that the curse was my fault. So that’s what happened. I’m sorry. Ren turned to %char1% and bowed his head to her. I couldn’t believe my eyes. I’d thought that Ren was cold and heartless. Apparently he was weak when he thought about any troubles that he’d directly caused. Honestly, I thought he’d say something like,It’s their fault for being weak. Why did you leave the dragon corpse there to rot? One of my party members suggested leaving it there so that other adventurers could use it for materials. I thought it sounded like a good idea. That reminded me, I’d heard that the village had experienced a short moment of prosperity. We decided to leave it up to the villagers and any passing adventurers, but… Well, next time you had better clean up after yourself. Corpses rot. Rotting corpses breed disease. At the very least you need to do something about the organs and meat. Yeah… His response was disappointing. Even if he was upset, he still hadn’t said anything about the village or what happened there. I guess they didn’t want to admit that there was a darker underbelly to their activities. Well, you reap what you sow, I guess. Well, I still don’t believe you. %char5% was more persistent than Ren. I’ll find a way to prove that you did it. Go right ahead, I’ll be waiting. But don’t you dare fake it. If you find out who did it, don’t ask them if the Shield Hero had forced their hand. With my reputation, anyone would pin their crimes on me. What’s that supposed to mean? We were attacked by a group of bandits, but we beat them off. Apparently they were planning on going to town and telling everyone that they were attacked by the Shield Hero. But that’s… Exactly what you are doing, General Commander. You should work on that—learn to see through the lies. I don’t know if %char5% suddenly discovered stores of sympathy for me over    my ruined reputation, but he was looking at me with an oddly sympathetic gaze. It drove me nuts. Why did I have to be the victim of his sympathy? I’ll put the case on hold for the time being… I didn’t do it. I swear, how many crimes did I have to have pinned on me? Was I supposed to be the fall guy for the entire world? But I’ll get you, and I’ll prove it too. Full of haughty arrogance, %char5% turned and left. Ren, a little on edge, followed him. Let’s go. I should have known that nothing good was waiting for me in this town, considering how it was stuck under the nose of the Trash. We decided to go back to the inn for the night. Good evening, Shield Hero. I was relaxing in my room when five of the soldiers from before stopped by to say hello. The two I had spoken to directly were representing their group and spoke on its behalf. What is it? We thought it would be a good idea to have a meeting concerning the impending arrival of the next wave. They sure were a serious group. Whatever—I guess that was good for me. %char1% has experience with the waves. %char2%, you join in on this too. Hmmmm? Everyone keep in mind that I’m not exactly an expert on any of this stuff. But I don’t really have a choice, so when the wave comes you’ll be transported to the site with me. So I’ll try to explain how I plan on fighting and what you can do to assist, all right? Yes! In order to protect the innocent people of the world, we want to work with you. I had my doubts about whether or not to take what they said at face value, but I decided to go along with it for now. Let’s go over what happened in the last battle. The last time a wave came, the monsters pouring from the rift all went to attack a nearby village. So I had to stand at the front of the line to protect the people there. Yes, it had been an intense battle. There was a giant rift through the sky, and hoards of monsters poured from it. Monsters with names that almost invariably    began with inter-dimensional. There were some giant monsters mixed in with the hoards, and they all set their sights on Riyute. Everyone was confused and panicking. There were groups of people under immediate threat from the monsters, but I was able to save them with my Air Strike Shield and my Shield Prison skills. %char1% helped me evacuate the villagers, and then we turned our sights on a nearby giant. We defeated it. Honestly, it was similar to a player versus monster war. The highest priority is the safety of bystanders. Do all that you can to ensure their safe evacuation from the area. Yes, Sir. Well, considering all the things they have to be repentant about, I’m sure that the other heroes will enlist some knights to help out. There must have been soldiers besides those who I was directly speaking with who placed some value on the lives of the country’s innocent civilians. About that… What? We thought that other soldiers would come forward and ask to join your ranks, but that hasn’t happened yet. What was that supposed to mean? The only idea I had was that maybe these soldiers were low-level, and there was a cutoff point set for participating in the wave battles. Either that or higherranked positions attracted the selfish and power-hungry, clearing those ranks of decent people. That was about it. The higher-ranked officials might have all just been terrible managers. I wonder if the other heroes cared about this kind of thing? What should I dooooo? We will be evacuating people, so whenever a monster gets close to us you should take them out. %char1%, you help with the evacuations, and help these soldiers. Okaaay! Understood. Honestly, unlike the other heroes, I don’t know very much about the waves. So I’m honestly a little worried about all this. I’ll need your help. Yes, Sir! Everyone nodded. I guess I could count on them.       I finished making %char1% and %char2%’s new accessories just in time. Check it out, the accessories you asked for. %char1%, you go first. I had made a jade bracelet for %char1%. I gave it to her. Thank you. The equip effect is Magic Up (medium). Your armor uses a little magic power to up your magic defense. This should balance that out. Thanks to you, I was able to make something nice. A little while back, %char1% and %char2% were able to save up a bunch of money at that hot-spring town we’d passed thorough. Because of that I was able to buy good materials that would have previously been out of my reach. That was what enabled me to make these good accessories. I’ll treasure it. Are you sure that’s what you really want? I could make one a little more… fashionable. What are you saying? Do you think we are powerful enough to focus on fashion? Well, well. If that’s what she said then I had no choice but to believe her. Okay %char2%, you’re next. I gave her an amber hairpin. I’d focused on the details when I made it, so that it would look good on her even when she was in her bird form. When it was clipped to her down feathers they would fan out and look like a feathered hair ornament. The equip effect is Agility Up (medium). Thank you, Master! That’s the best I could do with the materials we had on-hand. I might be able to make better ones later, but that’s the best I can do for now. It’s no problem at all. I only hope that I can put this accessory to its best use. Yeah! I’ll try hard too! I know you will. Both of you. We’d finished out planning meeting with the support soldiers too, so I guess we were as prepared as we were going to get. %char2% had shown some hesitation at first, having no idea what to expect, and no idea what the wave even was. But I convinced her that all we could do was tackle problems when they presented themselves, and she understood.    We had plenty of medicine. As for the carriage… Our new one wasn’t ready yet, so %char2% was pulling a luggage cart instead. That was fine. Unlike the other heroes, I would be spending most of my time in nearby villages protecting the people there. I’m not sure my participation was even necessary, but I could only imagine what people would say about me if I tried to sit this battle out. 00:05 There were five minutes left. Once we were transported to the wave, I’d have to figure out where I was and find some way to tell the soldiers. I changed my shield to the Chimera Viper Shield… 00:00 The time had come! The whole world filled with an echoing sound, like glass shattering. In the next second, our surroundings completely changed. We calmly surveyed our new surroundings. Where are we? Yup, we were near that village where the old lady had been sick. It would take one and a half days, at the very least, to get here from Castle Town. I looked up at the sky, and, just like last time, it was wine-red and covered in cracks like a tortoise shell. Shield Hero! The soldiers had been transported along with us, and they were running in our direction. Then I saw the other three heroes and… %char2%! See those guys running toward the cracks? Kick the spear and knock the other ones over. Don’t overdo it! Okaaaay! Just as I’d asked, %char2% removed her claws and ran for the heroes! She quickly caught up with sword, bow and spear. What the?! Spear turned around to see, and just as he did %char2% kicked him, and he flew into the others, knocking them down. AAAAAHHHHH! They all fell like bowling pins, giving us time to catch up with them. Having seen the Bitch fly through the air, I was in a good mood. %char2% really had held back, like I’d asked, and no one had suffered any    serious damage from her kick. What are you doing?! Spear was in a fluster, shouting at us all. I ignored him and shot a cold glare at sword and bow. That’s what I want to ask you, you idiots! What do you want?! Yeah! We have to destroy the monsters that are surging from the rift! I was beyond being angry with these foolish heroes. I was just annoyed. First you need to listen. We can take out the enemies later. I ordered my support soldiers to head for the nearby village. They nodded and followed my orders, running for the village. You are getting in the way of our mission! No I’m not! %char5% jumped back when I barked at him, shocked. He blinked. Everyone calm down. Let’s think this through. I didn’t receive any funding, so I’m not fighting against the wave directly. The best I can do is protect the neighboring village—so that’s my job. Do you all understand this? Yeah. Sort of disqualifies you as Hero. The group of heroes were glaring at me, but I ignored them and kept talking. Okay, Ren, %char5%, %char6%, your job is to take out the monsters that are coming from the rift. You can either take out the major enemies to do it, or you might have to attack the rift directly—I haven’t done it, so I don’t know. The rift is linked with the boss! Linked. That was gamer-talk. %char5% wasn’t taking this as seriously as he should, but whatever. But you understand that my job is really important too, right? What? Ren didn’t seem to understand. But hey, this world was basically the exact same as some game that he knew, right? He should understand everything about it. And hey, where are the knights?! The three heroes all shut their eyes when I shouted. They’ll come later. Maybe it was to help them find us, but there was a magic beacon of some sort glowing over us in the sky. They’d probably set their sights on that. We’re a day and a half from Castle Town. They’ll never make it in time, you idiots!    Then what do you want us to do about it?! You’re asking ME? I thought you knew everything! I pointed to the soldiers that had come with me who were now running for the village. Speaking of which, how did you get those soldiers to teleport here with you? Are you really asking me that? Don’t you know about battle formation functions? You mean party members? How did you trick all of them into joining you? That’s not it. You can appoint someone as a leader, and then make your party with that person subject to your leadership. If you do, they all get transported with you. Could it be? Were there things they didn’t know about the waves? The soldiers had said that none of their superiors had sent out orders to join any of the heroes’ parties, but could it be because the heroes just didn’t know about the ability to do so? I was stunned into silence. That would explain why there were no knights here. Well, let’s check up front. Who here looked into their help menus to learn about how to fight in the wave? Nobody raised their hand. I guess if you already know everything there is to know about this place then there’s no need for you to read the help menus or tutorials, is that it? Yeah, we already know everything. Exactly. Can we please focus on battling the wave now? Fine then. So what do other games call these battles against the waves? Huh? What are you asking? Shut up already, we need to go! %char5% ignored my question, turned, and started to run. %char6%, you can see what I’m getting at. Can’t you? Uh… sure… an instant dungeon? That’s not it, it was a Time Attack Wave. Ren... That’s not it either. I said, Other games, didn’t I? The game that he knew all about was called Brave Star Online, wasn’t it? Guild wars, team battles, either that or large-scale battles! In the game that I used to play, there were major events every week or so when the players fought against each other. If you were to use the support troop system, then the game would make sure there were more enemies appearing than    you could manage on your own. So during the last wave, had the knights not made it in time I’m not sure we would have been able to keep the damage down to the level we did. Look, even if you all have experience with the game system, you don’t have any experience managing a large guild, do you? In large-scale battles, you had to prioritize cooperation. Though, of course, the ace-players, the heroes, would lead the charge. But in order to keep the destruction to a minimum, we were going to need the cooperation of the locals. If they couldn’t understand something that simple, then they were idiots. I’ve managed a team before. %char6% spoke up, but kept his eyes on %char2% in her bird form. He probably didn’t want to get kicked. Then why don’t you understand this? There’s no need to. What?! It’ll work itself out. Jeez… and I thought this guy couldn’t get any more obnoxious—any more irresponsible. Bitch, that’s your job. That stupid rotten princess—as if she was intelligent enough to deal with responsibility like that. I never had any interest in that kind of stuff. Ren, the jerk. But I knew his type well enough. There were always one or two of them before a guild war, and I never enjoyed trying to talk to them. If someone like that was supposed to have been a guild master, I actually can’t think of any way that would be possible. How would the guild even function? Anyway, we can only work with what we’ve got this time. But next time make sure that you link up with the knights! I brushed them away with my hands, motioning for them to scurry off toward the wave. Ren and %char6% made no effort to hide their annoyance with me when they ran off. All right guys, let’s head for the village. %char1%, %char2%—you’re with us! Okaaaay! Understood! We jumped in the cart and headed for the village as fast as we could. The soldiers with us had their own cart, and they managed to keep up with us. By the time we made it to the village, it was already overrun with monsters    from the wave. There were black condor-like monsters, black wolves, goblins, and lizardmen. But the lizard-man didn’t look like a demi-human, not quite. It looked more… sinister. When I got closer I was able to see their names: Dark Condor, Black Shadow Wolf, Goblin Assault Shadow, Lizard-Man Shadow. Next to all their names, unmistakably, were the words: inter-dimensional. Like demi-humans, these shadow monsters disappeared like ghosts when you defeated them. They were a creepy lot of thugs. And the monsters were completely different than they were in the last wave. Weren’t there rules governing this sort of thing? Whatever, just leave it up to the heroes. They’ll take care of everything. And yet? There! Hiyaaa! The battle cry that had been splitting through the scene was coming from the old lady I’d given medicine too back when I was traveling through here. She was swinging a hoe with one hand and fighting with all her strength. The soldiers were all stunned. Ah! Holy Saint! You were a big help! Hiyyaa! She yelled a phrase of thanks to me just as a group of monsters surged from the wave. She swung her hoe at them. She was pretty strong actually, and her surroundings were littered with monster bodies. Hey, you thank him too! The lady’s son quickly bowed to me, like he had to do it all the time. More and more monsters are coming out of the waves, you had better evacuate. The soldiers with me were helping to evacuate the villagers. Amongst the chaos, we were fighting and killing monsters, but they kept on coming. It was going to be a hard fight, and we were going to have to focus on killing monsters. Hiyaa!" The old lady was taking out enemies left and right. It was hard to believe that, only a month ago, she was sick in bed, on the verge of death. I’ve got my old strength back, thanks to you, Holy Saint! Hiyaa! I looked for her son and spotted him across the street, fighting monsters with all his might—but he wasn’t as strong as his mother. Some solders joined him, and together they were able to hold off the enemy. He wasn’t anywhere    near as strong as his mother. I might look old, but back in the day I was pretty famous as an adventurer. My level and my age are almost the same! Hiyaaa! Don’t overdo it lady! I wouldn’t go so far as to call her an unmatched warrior or anything, but she was definitely one of the strongest fighters I’d seen. I held off the enemy’s attacks while %char2% reeled back to kick them. They went down fast. It looked like I could count on the lady in battle, but I was afraid she’d keel over once the battle was done. What medicine did I give you, anyway? Who knows? %char1% was staring at the old lady, her mouth agape. We’d have to get the full story from her son later. Regardless, we needed to focus on getting treatment to the wounded. Get all the injured people over by the cart! Keep them safe and away from the line! I would call out commands and treat people whenever I had a spare second. Hiyaa! Holy Saint! There are some weird ones showing up! I looked in the direction she was pointing. There was a huge crowd of interdimensional Lizard-Man Shadows, but I could just make out something else among them—something large. It looked to be at least double the size of anyone else. I’m going! The leader of my soldier supporters ran in the direction of the large monster. You idiot! Hold back! The giant inter-dimensional Lizard-Man Shadow turned to the running soldier and tried to crush him with his giant sword. He dodged and tried to fix the defensive line, but there was no time! But then, without warning, the soldier’s necklace started glowing, activating some sort of instant effect before shattering. Then the interdimensional Lizard-Man Shadow’s sword rattled back, in shock from the strike. What? What are you doing? Retreat! O… Okay! Damn. The burden on the volunteer troops was too much. One attack shattered his defense necklace. The giant must have had an enormous attack rating. I would have to use my shield to stop its sword and rely on support to    take the monster out. %char1%, %char2%. Come with me—we’re taking that thing down. Okay! Okaaaaay! The three of us ran toward the giant monster. The inter-dimensional Lizard-Man Shadow swung its large, black sword at us. I ran ahead of the girls and readied my shield. There was a loud clang, and sparks rained down around me. Poison Snake Fang (medium) activated and poisoned the enemy. But it wasn’t very effective. I suppose it only made sense that poison would be weak against these reptile-like monsters. But it was never my plan to poison the thing. Hiyyyyaaaaahhh! %char1% thrust her sword into the belly of the inter-dimensional LizardMan Shadow and stopped him in his tracks. AAAAHHHRRRH! %char2%’s clawed foot flew in a tight arc, connecting with the inter-dimensional Lizard-Man Shadow’s face. A portion of his head went spinning through the air. The giant fell forward and hit the ground with a deafening crash. Whoa… The soldiers whispered in amazement. Thank you! If you hadn’t given us those items, Shield Hero, we would already be dead! Well, you made it out alive. If I’d managed to save a life, then all that time I spent learning to craft items hadn’t been a waste. I felt enlivened. All right! You all run to the next town and do whatever you can to protect it. We should be able to protect the village we were in now with six soldiers, that old lady, and the adventurers that had happened to be in town when the wave hit. But there was another village close by. If we didn’t hurry over there, who knew what would happen to it? I’m leaving some medicine with you all. This won’t be a smooth ride, but let’s get to the next village over! The soldiers climbed into the cart I was pointing at.    Go! Hiya! %char2% got a grip on the ropes and ran off at full speed. By the time we made it to the next village, the soldiers wobbled out of the cart, having gotten motion sick on the way. I didn’t have time to comfort them. There were houses on fire, and injured villagers. This village looked worse off than the last one. Hurry and help those villagers! Y… Yes, Sir! We slaughtered monsters left and right, and waited for the wave to end. Too late! Three hours had passed. In that time we had managed to secure the safety of most of the villagers, and we were now focusing our energies on cutting through the hoards of monsters that continued to descend on the village. Most of the villagers had been evacuated, and we kept casualties relatively low. But I didn’t know how long we could keep their shelter safe from the hoards. We kept fighting. But everything was taking too long. What were those stupid heroes up to? Hero, why not leave this village to us. You should find the other Heroes and assist them. It was the young soldier who had originally approached me. I don’t think I can do much to help them. It was their job to fight the wave directly, and I’m sure they would just complain if I showed up. But, Sir… He wasn’t looking so good. His face was pale. He’d been fighting monsters for three solid hours. His stamina was going to give out soon. I was exhausted too. I could tell that %char1% and %char2% were worn out too. Hiya! Take that! %char2% kicked an inter-dimensional Goblin Assault Shadow, and it crumpled to the ground. She still had enough energy to keep going. Yeah, %char2% would be fine. The girl was like a giant ball of stamina. Can you handle it? Leave it to me! I guess they had enough energy to keep going. All right. Then I’m going to see what’s going on. I leave the village to    you. Yes, Sir! %char1%, %char2%, let’s go! Understood. Okaaaay! We left the village to the soldiers and adventurers, climbed onto %char2%’s back and ran toward the wave itself.       This… This should be it. I think so too. Yup. The wave was made up of giant rifts in the sky, and they extended to the ground. The ground was splitting open too. Huh? Wh… what?! There, among the cracks in the sky hung a giant… ship. Ghost-like, it floated in the air. Monsters were pouring from it. The ragged masts were hung with tattered sails. Veins of lighting lit the sky around it. The ship seemed to be made of wood, and was littered with holes. I had no idea how the thing managed to stay afloat in the air, but this was another world, and I figured that anything could happen during the wave. If I wondered about every odd occurrence I’d get nothing done. There was mist everywhere, and to be honest, I didn’t really want to go out of my way to get on board that thing. I guess the monsters from this wave were pirates? They’ve been fighting this thing? The other three heroes and their parties were fighting against the ghost ship. I could tell that Ren and %char6% were onboard because I could see their skills flashing through the mist. %char5% was firing volleys at the ship from a distance. The fight looked a little reckless to me. Just then, a cannon appeared on the side of the ship, and it shot a giant ball. It was heavy, and flying straight at us. Air Strike Shield! Hiya! I was able to deflect the cannonball with my skill, and %char2% jumped up to kick the ball away. How long are you guys planning on hanging out here? I yelled at %char5%, who was sluggishly firing arrows. N… %Name%?! What are you doing here? I thought you said you weren’t going to fight? You all are taking your sweet time over here! We finished evacuating the villagers a long time ago, so I came to see what was taking you so long, and this is what I find? I thought you knew everything about this from your games?! We have to destroy the ship, but for some reason Ren and %char6%    insisted on boarding it. They split up under conditions like this? Putting that aside for a second, why would they all have different ideas on how to take down the boss? Damn… The ghost ship thing looked pretty ragged. What was going on with these waves? I thought it over awhile as I watched %char5% and his party fight. It looked like they had based their tactics around %char5%’s skills. The rest of his party was fighting with different weapons. Even if you are attacking the ship directly, shouldn’t you be cooperating with the other heroes?! I don’t have time to go over all this with you! His answer annoyed me. The stupid General Commander! Well it looks like this fight could go on forever. You can keep throwing your skills at it, but it doesn’t look like it’s going to collapse any time soon. Try something else! What was %char5% thinking? Were his attacks even effective? If it were a game he’d be dead already. Besides, the other two set boarding the ship as their highest priority, didn’t they? I suppose it could have been a giant monster that just happened to look like a ghost ship. Wouldn’t that be something? There were monsters that looked like houses, after all. They would start spinning and thumping when you got close to them. Maybe the ship has a weak spot on its interior? There might be a way to kill it that you couldn’t do in your game! There’s nothing like that in the Dimension Wave I know! Get a handle on yourself, %char5%! This isn’t a game! Did he have any idea just how much damage these waves were doing? Seriously, monsters were coming from the rifts this whole time, so the longer they took to defeat the wave, the more monsters appeared, and the worse the damage got. Let’s get on the ship, find the weak spot and bring that thing down! Damn! Again! You’re always stealing from me! If it bothers you so much, come with me! Let’s go, %char2%! Okaaay! %char2% ran and sprang into the air. I quickly released an Air Strike Shield that she could use as a step. She landed on it and jumped again, and we landed on the    deck of the ship. Ah! Wait! %char5% and his party were chasing after us. Good. If it was going to take this long to defeat the wave, then they had to be doing it wrong. Ugh. It’s good that we made it to the deck, but the whole ship was littered with bones. The floorboards were rotted through and filled with holes. There were dead fish everywhere, and the ropes and lifesavers were rotten. We’d really have to watch where we put our feet. We made it to the deck, but there was… huh? At the back end of the ship there was a giant tentacle, and %char6% was fighting it with his party. Shooting Star Spear! %char6% let out a triumphant shout, and his spear began to glow before splitting into hundreds of energy-spears, which rained down on the giant tentacle. The tentacle died, but quickly regenerated and resumed its position. What was going on? Was there a kraken-like monster clinging to the ship like a hermit crab? %char2%, don’t tell me you want to eat that thing. Why… I can’t eat it? That would be tough, even for %char2%. I looked down to the other end of the deck, and there was Ren, fighting something like a skeleton captain. The skeleton captain looked like a pirate straight from the Caribbean, dressed in ornate robes and a hook where his left hand should have been. He looked like… a skeleton version of Captain Hook, from Peter Pan. Shooting Star Sword! Ren’s sword flashed, and the flashing light turned into a stream of stars that slammed into the skeleton captain. Damn… he’s tough. Ren! One of Ren’s party members ran forward and attacked the skeleton captain. The skeleton captain swung his sword in response. Ren and his group attacked again, and the captain stumbled back. Then Ren swung what looked like the final strike, and the captain fell apart. Whew… was it dead? But before he could catch his breath, the pile of bones rose into the air and reformed the skeleton captain. What?! And the captain, his skull wrapped in a bandana, rushed to attack again.    I turned back to %char6% and the kraken. %char2%, can you get us to the back of the ship? Sure! %char1%, hold on tight! All right! She wrapped her arms around me to keep from falling, and %char2% dashed across the ship. From the stern to the bow, the deck was covered in tentacles, but %char2% kicked them off, and we moved on. We made it to the stern and discovered the source of the monstrous tentacles. …! I was right, the kraken was holding on to the ship like some kind of hermit crab. Did it have… one head? More than that? It was hard to tell. Over where %char6% was fighting there was a head, but the eyes were rotten… clouded. It didn’t seem to be breathing. %char2% had no problem eating rotting things, but could she not eat this because it was already completely rotten? %char5% had been attacking the ship directly, but it hadn’t fallen. %char6% was trying to kill the kraken. Ren was fighting with the skeleton captain. They were split-up. They were all over the place. Sure, they could have said that they didn’t have a chance—but still. This was reckless. And it didn’t seem like they were making any progress at all. What did all these enemies have in common? The only thing I could think of was that the real enemy was somewhere else. Why couldn’t the other heroes, with their supposedly perfect knowledge of the game, figure out something that simple? Thinking back on all they’d said up until now, it seemed like they were operating under the assumption that what had made them successful in their games was going to work here. But they were all fighting differently. Ren! What? N… %Name%? What are you doing here?! You’re taking too long, so I came to find out what the problem was. Why do you keep on fighting that thing? If I can defeat this, the real boss—the Soul Eater—will appear.    And? You have to defeat him a few times and then the boss will show up. Huh… Apparently he actually was thinking about his strategy. But why was it taking so long? %char6%! Wh… What are you doing here, %Name%?! He saw that I was sitting on %char2%, and covered his crotch when he turned toward us. He must of thought that he would be kicked again. Ha! If %char2% kicked him with her claws on, he’d be dead in an instant. Mr. %char6%, don’t listen to him! The Bitch looked at me like I was garbage, and she warned %char6% to ignore us. You need to shut up! Do you have any idea who you’re talking to? You can’t speak to me that way! I don’t care! %char6%, what are you going to do after you kill the kraken? The Soul Eater will show up, and then I’ll take him out. So that’s what %char6% thought too. %char5% must have been thinking the same thing. But it didn’t look like their attacks were doing any good. If this were a game, it would mean that the Soul Eater was hiding out somewhere, waiting for his chance to appear. Ren was attacking the skeleton captain, %char6% the kraken, and %char5% the ship itself. Yeah, that would take a while. Finally, I caught up with you, %Name%. %char5% climbed up onto the deck. That meant all the heroes were now onboard. And yet… Soul Eater? I had never seen one, so I didn’t know what kind of monster it was, but based on everything else it was probably a safe bet to assume it was some kind of ghost. So it was hiding somewhere, and it could control the undead. That was why we’d have to destroy whatever medium was carrying it I guess. Can’t we use light magic to get the thing to show its face? Want to try it?    %char1% spoke up. Oh yeah, I’d almost forgotten that %char1% had the power to use light and shadow magic. Then we might as well give it a try. Can you? Leave it to me. %char1% took a deep breath and focused on her magic spell. I am the source of power, and I command you to heed my words. Light spring forth! First Light! When she finished speaking the spell, a ball of light appeared in the air over us. The ball was filled with a shining, intense light, and the whole deck was illuminated by it. Huh? The skeleton captain that Ren was locked in battle with looked different—his shadow had changed somehow. That strange shadow was… there were more of them, all around the ship. They certainly weren’t normal shadows, and they seemed to be grinning. There! I got it! Shooting Star Sword! Ren turned and directed his attack at the captain’s shadow. YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA! Something emerged from the shadow. It was like a ghostly fish, draped in white cloth. It had a dark, evil looking face with red eyes and long fangs. It must have been the Soul Eater. Once everyone realized what was happening, %char6% and %char5% all began to direct their attacks towards the shadows, and Soul Eaters started appearing left and right. So THAT’S where they were! Logically, our attacks shouldn’t affect them! They were like ghosts. So I don’t think our physical attacks were going to be able to hurt them. We were going to have to rely on magic. What?! The Soul Eaters all gathered in one place and merged to form a single, giant Soul Eater. Similar things were known to happen back in my world. Fish did that—they would swim in schools to look like a larger, more dangerous fish. Yeah, anchovies did that. The Soul Eaters seemed to be the souls of fish or something—so that might explain their behavior. And yet, they really had formed one giant monster, and it was MUCH larger than the individual Soul    Eaters had been. Inter-dimensional Soul Eater. Mr. %Name%, it’s coming our way! The inter-dimensional Soul Eater had set its sights on %char1% because she had performed the light magic. But %char1% was sitting with me on %char2%, and the Soul Eater was charging straight at us! Air Strike Shield! There was a loud clang, and we were able to deflect the Soul Eater’s charge, but it kept on charging in a new direction—straight at Ren and his party. Look, we found it. Now you have to kill it! %char6%, %char5%, and Ren all shot me looks of displeasure before they turned to the Soul Eater and let loose a rain of battle skills. Their party members were all working to support them, but their physical attacks weren’t going to work on this boss! We weren’t prepared to fight something like this, but %char1% could support them with her light magic. %char2%, use your magic. Okaaay! %char2% cast First Tornado and was able to deal some damage to the interdimensional Soul Eater. But I wasn’t able to use Hate Control, so I wasn’t going to be any use to anyone. It happened the second I let myself think about it. The inter-dimensional Soul Eater started preparing for some kind of major attack. The beast opened its large slit of a mouth, and a black ball of magic appeared there, slowly growing larger and rising into the air. The magic ball acted like a small black hole, sucking all the light from its surroundings and warping the air around it like a lens. Crimson Sword! Ren leaped into the air and sliced at the Soul Eater with his sword. Huh? There was an explosion of sparks. It’s harder than I thought it would be. Hey, these damn game experts. I found the monster for them, and they still couldn’t take it down? If it got away and hid again, we’d be in a tough spot. Wind Arrow! %char5% performed a skill. Lightning Spear! %char6%’s skill wasn’t going to be enough to kill the monster.    Did it have to do with the monster’s weaknesses? Sometimes it took forever to figure out what worked against ghost-type monsters. It looked like light magic should be effective on it though. The ball of black magic the Soul Eater had released looked like it was nearly charged and ready to release its attack. Hurry! That evil skill is almost ready! Oh! Ren shouted and %char6% turned, ready to attack. YAAAAAAAAAAAA! With a reverberating thwack, the Soul Eater spit the large, black ball of magic. It flew like a cannonball and slammed into the deck. There was a large, black explosion. The entire ship shook violently. This wasn’t good at all! The enemy was powerful enough that all the fighting up until that point was starting to look like little more than a warm up. Had we finally lured the snake from the grass? It didn’t matter. If we wanted to end the wave, this was the only way. I jumped down from %char2%, ran in front of everyone, and readied my shield. AAAARRRRHHHHHHHH! Ren, %char6%, %char5%, and their parties were all caught up in the blast. I felt the force of the explosion through my shield. Ugh… It actually really hurt. The thing was strong enough to break through my defense, and over a really wide area. Ren and the others hadn’t been killed by the blast, but they were tottering, unsteady on their feet. The inter-dimensional Soul Eater had apparently noticed how effective its attack had been, as it was already producing another ball of black magic. That powerful attack AGAIN?! Give us some time before you fire off another one! It was annoying, but I suppose that was the only way to fight. You had to do what your enemy didn’t want you to do. In games, the makers knew what would anger players, so they made it so monsters wouldn’t behave that way. But that was the difference between games and reality. %char2%! Yeah! I know! She was already running, full-speed, at the Soul Eater. She leapt through the air and kicked it hard. I heard the kick connect, but the inter-dimensional Soul Eater just laughed it off. Haikuiku! %char2% spun away from a second kick, landed on the deck and started casting a    spell. For a second, %char2% looked somehow blurred. There was a series of quick clanging sounds, and the Soul Eater fell back. A second later, and it was back up and preparing to launch a black ball at %char2%. Apparently she’d found a way to bother it. You can’t hit me! %char2% shouted a taunt at the thing and ran behind me. That’s it, %char2%. That’s how we’ll fight it. I readied my shield and cast a healing spell just as the black ball exploded before us. I blocked it with my shield, and %char2% dashed to fit in another attack. %char1% was casting light magic spells the whole time. If she didn’t, the Soul Eater would be able to hide from us again. Hiyaaa! %char2% was dashing here and there, fitting in attacks when she could and slowly dealing more and more damage. This thing was tough. That’s why it was the boss, right? If this were a game, a monster like this would only appear at the end of a large group battle. As far as the internet games I was familiar with, a boss like this was about as strong as they got. It was the kind that required a bunch of strong players to team up and take down within an hour. What options did we have? We could keep making small attacks and hope that they wore the monster down enough for us to win. But would they? The longer we spent fighting the boss, the more damage the surrounding villages would incur. Even now, monsters continued to pour from the rift. We didn’t have the time to spend chipping away at it. If only there were some kind of powerful skill we could…. There was a way. Only one way, but it might turn the tides. My shield had a power that, maybe, the other heroes didn’t have. We didn’t really have any other choice. %char1%. %char1% had fallen back. I took her hand. What is it? Help me. She quickly guessed my intention. Okay. I am your sword. I’ll follow you—even to the pits of hell. I’m doing it. Back away.    I had gotten really irritated, and even thought I didn’t want to use it, I was curious to see how much power there really was. %char2%, if something happens stick with %char1% and keep away. Okay! I looked over at %char1% once more. Mr. %Name%! She believed in me. But if I lost, %char1% and %char2% would… die. More than anything, I couldn’t let that happen. I wanted to protect them. I really did. I wouldn’t let myself be swallowed by anger. I couldn’t… I swear. I readied my shield. Shield of Rage! The dragon core stone has caused you to grow up! Curse Series: Shield of Rage abilities increased! Shield of Rage II: ability locked: equip bonus: skill: Change Shield (attack) and Iron Maiden Special effect: self curse burning: strength up: dragon’s rage: roar: kindred ruckus Wh… The dragon’s final memories were playing before my eyes, as I’d used the core stone as material for the shield. A hero with a sword had stabbed it deep in the chest and forehead, and the dragon had lost consciousness then. The anger it had felt was like something I’d never imagined. It was the anger at having lost to a human. I was able to understand how wretched, how terrible that was for a dragon. Grow up? What did that mean? My shield melted and reformed. It looked like it was made of glowing embers with a giant blood-red dragon in the center. My Barbarian Armor +1 also changed form to match the shield. Was all of this because of the dragon core? The armor looked different now, and it was covered in a dark black dragon pattern. The anger was so strong my vision was turning black. Everything was filled with hatred, anger, and the desire for destruction.    This anger, this hate, it wasn’t all coming from me! I could see all the rage there before me, glowing red, erasing everything but itself. It took all of me. No! Not here, not now! I had to fight for the people that believed in me! Not now!       Red dragon flame… The Shield of Rage II had grown into something else all together. I turned it on the black shadow. Aaaaaarrrhhhhhhhh! When I screamed the air around us seemed to crawl and tear—like it was screaming with me. Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaa! The inter-dimensional Soul Eater took its eyes from %char2% and turned them on me. This wasn’t good. Compared to the last time I used the Shield of Rage, the emotion was much stronger. I felt like I was losing myself. Was it because of the shield’s growth? This grow up that had been mentioned? Ugh… My vision was wavering. Mr. %Name%. Suddenly, a kind touch, it must have been %char1%. I couldn’t… I couldn’t lose her here. There were people out there—people depending on us to stop the wave. I couldn’t let myself be swallowed by rage and hate. I couldn’t let them down! I threw off the dark shadow and shook my head to steady my vision. The enemy was there before me. I stared at it and readied myself. U…Uaaaahhhhhhh! Ugh?! I turned and, for whatever reason, %char2% was engulfed in dark flames. Gaaaaaaah! Her eyes were sharp like a bird of prey. She ran at the enemy and kicked it hard. It might have been because she’d eaten the dragon core that I’d used on my shield. %char2% turned on the Soul Eater and kicked it again. Yaaaaaa?! It looked like her attacks were successful. But it also looked like she was unable to distinguish the real enemy. She turned on another, random monster in the area and started to attack it instead. Ugh… The shield was threatening to absorb me.    I ran at the inter-dimensional Soul Eater and pressed it back with my shield. It gnashed its teeth at me, scratching my shield—but I wasn’t taking any damage. Perfect. The Shield of Rage II had self curse burning. It was a counter attack that answered an enemy’s attack with a powerful curse, one that would burn the enemy to ash. I felt the cursed flames rising within me. They roared throughout my body and engulfed the Soul Eater. Yaaaaaaaa! The inter-dimensional Soul Eater screamed in pain, but the self curse burning wasn’t powerful enough to completely burn it. The skeleton captain, kraken, and ship’s cannon all turned to focus their attacks on me. I don’t think so! Shooting Star Sword! Shooting Star Spear! Shooting Star Bow! Ren, %char6%, and %char5% had recovered their footing, and they all unleashed a barrage of skills at the enemies before them. Then they turned to the inter-dimensional Soul Eater. They were trying, and their attacks connected and worked—but none were powerful enough to defeat their targets. The enemies healed themselves too quickly. Wasn’t there some other way? I remembered that there was another skill. One I hadn’t tried yet. Change Shield (attack) and Iron Maiden. Both of them were skills from the Shield of Rage II. I didn’t know what they did, but it was worth the risk to find out. I’m pretty sure it was Shield Prison to Change Shield (Attack) to Iron Maiden. It might have meant that performing the skills in order would lead to some kind of chain reaction. Could it be some kind of combo skill? Shield Prison! I turned to see the enemy incased in a cage made of shields. Luckily enough, maybe because Ren and the others had drawn its attention, the Soul Eater had left itself wide open. Now it was caught in the Shield Prison. The monster was now attacking the cage directly, and it seemed ready to crumble at any moment.    I wouldn’t let it escape. I couldn’t let my chance slip away. Change Shield (attack)! The command was the same as my normal Change Shield skill. I was presented with a number of new shields to choose from. A needle-covered shield seemed like the obvious choice. There was the Animal Needle Shield and the Bee Needle Shield to chose from. I chose the Bee Needle Shield. ! The shields that made up the Shield Prison all suddenly turned into Bee Needle Shields, their needles facing the interior of the cage, and the monster took damage. The walls were pressing in on the monster inside. Iron Maiden! I was ready to use the skill, when a paragraph appeared in my head. The punishment I have chosen to inflict on the foolish criminal before me is called the Iron Maiden. They will be pierced through from every direction, enveloped in their own screams, and will taste true pain! Iron Maiden! I shouted to activate the skill, and a giant iron torture device appeared in the air. It’s door swung open, and the entire Shield Prison was pulled inside. With the door open, I could see the interior was filled with large spikes and the victim inside would have to prepare himself to be stuck through by them. When the door closed, whoever was inside would be impaled in every direction. The Shield Prison disintegrated, the door slammed shut, and the enemy was impaled before it was even able to scream. There was a loud clang, and the door of the Iron Maiden swung open. The Soul Eater inside was stuck through so many times it looked like a honeycomb. Weakened, it turned to escape.     But… The door slammed shut again, and the Soul Eater was once again impaled on the spikes. At the same time, my SP meter dropped to zero. The skill used up all of my SP? The Iron Maiden either ran out of time, or power, or whatever. The torture device vanished. Huff…Huff… Whoa… Everyone was whispering, breathless. The inter-dimensional Soul Eater was riddled with holes, and clearly dead. We won! I tried to control my ragged breath, and changed my shield back to the Chimera Viper Shield. I would have to find some way to control %char2%. She was running around violently. With the shield powered up, I apparently wasn’t able to use it for very long. Huh? Whew…. Probably because the Shield of Rage II had disappeared, %char2% slowly came back to normal. She sat down, exhausted. Whew… You did it. I guess. Oh Boy! What happened?! I turned around in time to see %char1% run up to me, and %char2% collapse in exhaustion. Did we stop the wave? I’m tired! Ren, %char6%, and %char5% were all glaring at me. They looked envious. We lost this time, but things will be different next time. What was that? After all you said about not knowing anything about the world that was some fighting you did. You didn’t join the fight for so long that you still had all your energy. %char5% had the nerve to say something like that? He travelled the world and tried to not stand out, doing all his adventures in secret, and he had the nerve to call me lazy? Regardless, now we’ve….?! Wh…What the hell? I suddenly had the worst feeling. Every muscle in my body was tense.    It looked like Ren, %char6%, and %char5% felt it too. They were feverishly looking around the ship. One of %char5%’s party members was overcome by fear. He fell to the ground. There was an overpowering sense of dread. It was so powerful that the Soul Eater we’d defeated was nothing in comparison. What was going on? There was a shuffle, and a person’s shadow fell over us all. Was it another enemy? This was getting ridiculous. I didn’t have any energy left! Are you all so threatened by these little monsters? It seems there is but one true Hero among you. She was wearing a deep black kimono that was embroidered with silver. It my own world, it looked like the kind of clothing a wealthy relative might wear to a funeral. This whole world had seemed to be like the European middle ages, so it was weird enough to see someone in a Kimono. Her hair was long and jet-black. She looked Japanese, but also somehow ghostly. It was like… It’s hard to describe, but she occasionally shimmered, like she was semi-transparent. She held a fan-like weapon. Without warning a stream of light burst forth from it, flying over our heads. We all turned to see what was happening, only to see the light collide with another inter-dimensional Soul Eater that had been creeping up behind us. I would prefer to fight without your interference. The approaching battle is of sublime importance. Wh… The Soul Eater fell to the deck, dead, from her single attack. It couldn’t be true. We’d spent all our energy and time on a Soul Eater, and she’d just killed one with a single attack!? The girl narrowed her eyes and looked directly at me before she spoke again. Well, from what I saw of the last fight, it seems that you are a Hero. The others seemed unable to fight at all, but you are different. Maybe. And what is your name? You’d ask my name without giving your own?    Pardon me. My name is Glass. If I must elaborate it wouldn’t be wrong to consider me your enemy. I wasn’t about to consider her my friend. %Name%. %Name% then. Shall we begin the real battle of the wave! The girl named Glass opened her fan and rushed at me. Dammit! I’d just used the Iron Maiden, and I wasn’t in any position to start a new fight! If I used the Shield of Rage II I would have to contend with its poison. I was barely able to hang on. Thanks to %char1%, I’d been able to control the poisonous emotions from the shield, but I felt my limit approaching. I won’t let you! Ren, %char6%, and %char5% all readied their weapons and aimed their skills at Glass. Shooting Star Sword! Shooting Star Spear! Shooting Star Bow! The three skills were flying at Glass when she looked down and let her lips curl, ever so slightly, into a smile.     How cute… Circle Dance Zero! Reverse Snow Moon Flower! It was the middle of the day, but the wine-red sky began to glow and pulse. There was an attack coming. I ran to %char1% and %char2% and readied my shield to protect them. We looked to the sky to see a blood-red moon hanging there, silent and powerful, like it had absorbed the shouts of its enemies. There was a flash of red, circular light, and the other heroes and their parties all fell. GAAAAHHHHH! Something like a tornado lifted them from where they’d fallen then flung them all through the air. Ugh! They fell to the deck again. Damn. They knew a lot about the world, and they were all at a high level. How could they fall so easily? But if she was so powerful that she could defeat the Soul Eater with one hit, then how could we ever hope to stand against her? We’d used all our power against it, but it was looking like that fight had been nothing more than a warm up. I’d thought that this wasn’t a game, but the difference in our strength was so apparent that we really stood no chance. If this WERE a game, I would assume it was a battle that you were forced to lose, that losing would trigger an event of some kind. But this was reality. If we lost, there wouldn’t be a secret event to save us. Life wasn’t that simple. Besides, the people who already knew all about the game and used that knowledge to efficiently level up had just been defeated—just like that. I’d spent my time trying to make money. What hope did I have of standing against her? Still, I couldn’t lose. I had to win, for %char1%. For %char2%. What a pathetic little bunch. I feel bad for your Holy Weapons. They must be crying. Her weapon was an Iron Fan. She held it open with both hands, and her fighting looked like a dance. This is certainly unexpected. Master, that girl is super strong! %char2%’s feathers were all standing on end. It’s true. I can feel her power from way over here. She’s much stronger    than we are. %char1%’s tail was erect and puffy. She was obviously trying to control herself. I ran over to the fallen heroes, and looked down at the fainted Bitch. Those heroes she had depended on were like toys to Glass. But what were we supposed to do? Honestly, the Iron Maiden had used up all of my SP. At the very least, I’d need a way to recover that. That’s it. %char6% spoiled the Bitch. Maybe she had some kind of tool that would prove to be useful. Or maybe she’d have a good item or two? There. She had Magic Water and Soul-Healing Water. The selfish Bitch. The first item would replenish any magic that you used when casting spells, and the other would recover any SP you used when you used a skill. Well, Soul-Healing Water was so expensive that I’d never had a chance to try it. But I had heard that it would increase your concentration, and that would make your magic more powerful. I decided to try drinking the Soul-Healing Water. It tasted a little like the nutritional drinks I’d made, but as I drank it I could see my SP meter being replenished. Yes, so it really did restore SP. Thinking back on it, Ren and the others had been using one skill after the other, so they must have had a way of replenishing their own SP. Mr. %Name%! %char1% saw me rummaging through the Bitch’s pockets and yelled at me. But seriously, they weren’t fighting, and I didn’t really have any other option. How cheap. And you call yourself a Hero? I’m fine with cheap. This woman has done much worse than ‘cheap.’ I’m not very fond of her. Master, you look like a bad guy! Shut up. The enemy speaks truthfully, I don’t know what to say. %char1% sighed to herself. The enemy seemed to be growing annoyed with us. She is not on our side, but she is not incorrect. Whatever. I stepped ahead of the other heroes, and Glass readied herself for a fight. They weren’t capable of fighting for themselves, so there wasn’t anything I could do to further involve them in the battle. Glass seemed to understand that    too. She had a samurai-like stoic character to her too. She probably only wanted to fight those who would challenge her. Very well then. I think our chat has gone on long enough! She opened her fan and rushed at me. She was fast! I immediately raised my shield. Just in time—I caught her attack with the shield, and it reverberated with a dull clang. Damn! It was so heavy. She’d only attacked once, but the shock had shaken my shield arm until it went numb. Her attack was stronger, much stronger, than even the Zombie Dragon’s attack had been. If she could manage such a powerful attack with her fan, then %char1% and %char2% were in real trouble. %char1%! %char2%! Watch out! This one is strong. Understood! Okay! I am the source of power. Hear my words and heed them, protect them! First Guard! I cast supportive magic on the both of them, and the battle began in earnest. If we fight here, the fallen Heroes will be in the way. My aesthetics do not tolerate unnecessary interventions in our noble struggle. Let us go somewhere else. As if she had understood my real intentions, she leapt from the ship. We followed her. This seems like a place where we may battle undisturbed. Here I come! If the fan’s attack hit anywhere I couldn’t manage to cover with my shield it was strong enough to overcome my defenses, causing pain and leaving a wound. If I had the chance I would cast First Heal to cover the damage I was receiving. But there was very little time. Her attacks came quickly and powerfully. More than anything else, she was intelligent. It was nothing like fighting a monster. She realized that her attacks were not as effective on me, and so she set her sights on %char1% and %char2%. I won’t let you! I used Shield Prison. I sent it over to where Glass was standing. Ha! Pathetic. Glass destroyed the Shield Prison with a wave of her hand. But that wasn’t my real plan. The real reason I used Shield Prison was… Hiyaaa! Take that!    So that she wouldn’t be able to see %char1% and %char2%’s attacks coming. Ugh! %char1% and %char2%’s attacks covered a larger range than Glass could defend with her fan, and where they connected they produced a shower of sparks. So you are using a similar battle tactic. This is much more interesting than those other Heroes. She was quick with her counter attack. Her fan opened and sliced at %char1%. I wouldn’t let that happen! I jumped ahead of %char1% just in time and covered her. I took the attack with my shield, which activated the counter attack skill Snake Fang (medium), and the shield bit deep into the enemy. Do you think a simple attack like that will defeat me? It didn’t look like the poison worked on her. After taking the Snake Fang attack, she didn’t appear fazed. Of course I knew her defense from when I saw her parrying %char1% and %char2%’s attacks with her Iron Fan. Regardless, she was too powerful. Her attacks were so strong. The fact that she had defeated the other heroes so quickly proved how powerful she really was. Honestly, I couldn’t picture a version of this fight that ended in victory for us. Even if I could keep us healed, I didn’t see a way to defeat Glass. We just weren’t powerful enough. Master, watch my magic! %char2% entwined her hands and ran straight for Glass. Haikuikku! She had used that back when she was fighting the inter-dimensional Soul Eater. It was a powerful technique that made her move faster. For a second, just a second, %char2% was nothing but a blur. When she hit the enemy the attack was so strong it sent the air vibrating, and I felt the shock through my shield. Ugh… That person is so hard! She took my attack and didn’t go flying! Yes, you were able to kick me eight times in that second. Unfortunately you simply aren’t powerful enough. What? Did she mean that she was able to follow %char2%’s attacks? Glass turned quickly, like a pirouette, and opened her fan, slicing at %char2%. She was our enemy, but I couldn’t help but admire her graceful movement. She took the brunt of %char2%’s attacks without even batting an eye. %char2%! One more time!    I can’t! I don’t have any more magic, and I need time before I can attack again! So that was her secret, her ultimate attack? I guess she hadn’t been able to use it in quick succession during the last fight either. It wasn’t looking good. We were running out of options. While %char2% kept Glass occupied, %char1% had maneuvered behind her and sprung a surprise attack. She appeared out of nowhere, so she must have used magic to hide herself. Now! %char2%! She’d waited for the perfect moment—for Glass to expose a weakness. Glass would surely take heavy damage if she were attacked from the rear. And yet... What are you doing? No! %char1% had snuck behind Glass and aimed an attack straight at her back, but Glass had stopped it without even turning. There’s no point. Glass looked a little disappointed. She sighed and then flicked her fan, parrying %char1%’s sword. She seemed to move as lightly as a breeze, but the clang of her fan against the sword spoke to the strength she concealed. Clang! Wha… %char1%’s sword… broke?! How strong was this girl? Sure, Iron Fans had long been known to be capable of breaking a sword—but to think that she could do it so easily? I’d cast First Guard on myself and switched to my hardest shield, but even at that I could barely stop her attacks. Now only %char2% had a chance of defeating her. But she wasn’t strong enough. Ugh… %char1% jumped back to put some distance between herself and the enemy. Then she pulled out another small sword she’d had stashed away. Did she stand a chance? Is this really your true ability? To be honest, I’d expected more of a fight from you. That’s what you get for assuming. We’ve been giving this our all the whole time! What a shame. Glass’s whole body started to emit a light. No! That was the attack that had defeated the other heroes! %char1%, %char2%!    Glass began to spin, as if she were dancing. There was only a second—we could barely move in time! %char1% and %char2% leapt behind me. Shield Prison! I set myself as the target, and we are immediately enveloped in a magical cage of shields. This was the other way to use Shield Prison. It wasn’t only for stopping the enemy. I could use it to protect us too. The wall of shields would protect us while we were inside. Among all my skills, the Shield Prison had the highest defense rating. Dancing Circle Zero! Reverse Snow Moon Flower! There was a powerful wind, and a barrage of clattering Iron Fans destroyed the Shield Prison. Ugh… The attack was incredibly strong. If it destroyed the Prison and injured us, then it only seemed natural that it had decimated the other heroes. Are you two all right? Yes… It hurts! I turned to find both of them suffering from the attack. I quickly applied healing ointment to my own wounds. They were within the effective range of the skill, so the ointment worked on them too, healing their wounds. Impressive. That you might stand after my attack speaks to your defensive capabilities. The tornado vanished, and the enemy walked in our direction. So glad we’ve won your approval. We were tattered and tired, but we hadn’t lost yet. What’s next? Aren’t you going to use that shield of flame from before? Did she think I was holding back? Or, not quite… It’s like she was waiting for me to use the Shield of Rage II. What should I do? Keep fighting a losing battle? Send %char2% running away and use the Shield of Rage II, knowing that it would consume me? If we were going to lose anyway, should I accept the regret of using it? Fine. But you don’t know what you’re getting into! I switched to the Shield of Rage II. Gaaaaahhhhh! %char2% ran at Glass again and unleashed a fury of kicks. You’re attacks are stronger than they were, but unfortunately… Glass didn’t even change her footing. All of %char2%’s kicks were connecting, but Glass was completely unfazed.    What’s the point? She used her fan to lightly brush %char2% away. Gah! She’d barley touched her, but %char2% flew five meters through the air. Ugh… How strong was this girl? If this were a game, I’d have expected the inevitable "losing event" to have started by now. Ugh…. But I was still standing. I’d be okay. No matter how powerful the hatred that might overtake me, it would never be able to stand up to the feeling I had for those who believed in me. But if I let it go on for too long, it would be dangerous. Cold sweat dripped down my face, but I stepped forward anyway, signaling for %char1% to get away. Mr. %Name%… Are you sure? Yeah, I can control it. I kept walking until I was close to Glass. There was still some Soul Healing Water in the bottle I’d taken from the Bitch. I drank it and recovered my SP. I felt like I could concentrate suddenly. I felt fresh. I felt like I could keep the shield from consuming me entirely. Please show me what you’ve got. I sure as hell will! Her fan flicked open and slashed at me. Yes, this attack was much stronger than the Chimera Viper Shield. I readied the shield. Self curse burning activated, centered on me. The flames burned with intensity proportionate to my anger. But I had managed to control my anger, so that was probably limiting the power of the counter attack. But the flame was still cursed. %char1% backed away at the sight of the flames. A moment later the Shield of Rage II exploded in black flame, spiraling toward the sky. Glass was knocked back. What?! But she wasn’t concerned. She stood there, placid, like the winds were massaging her. Could it be? The self curse burning was the strongest counter attack I’d seen. Could she really let it batter her without worrying at all?    How tough was this girl?! Why are you still playing around? Dammit! She was too strong! Not even the Shield of Rage II could stand against her! Is that all you’ve got? Circle Dance Rupture, Tortoise Shell Crack! She pulled her Iron Fan back and then thrust it powerfully in my direction. It emitted something like an arrow of sharp light. Dammit! I raised my shield and felt it reverberate with the heavy, dull shock. My whole body ached. I’d taken damage, straight through the shield. Ugh… So you can absorb an attack with that much power? Impressive. It was hard to stay focused through the pain. But I couldn’t lose myself. Not now. That was some attack. It might have been a piercing attack. They showed up in games now and then. They had a chance of ignoring the defense rating of the target. Some attacks would even deal more damage to targets with higher defense ratings. Is that what the other heroes had meant when they said that shielders became less useful with time? Experience points, in online game, tended to get harder and harder to accrue as you leveled up. I don’t know what kind of game the other heroes were familiar with, but as for the games I’d played, I could think of some examples of how it could be true. The first is the simplest. The enemy’s attack power would eventually outrank the defensive capabilities of the shield. The next was based on dodging because as you leveled up there were more and more enemies that could kill quickly with one hit. The last was firepower type games, as the defense abilities of the shielders were not nearly as useful as the ability to quickly overpower the enemy with your attack power. I’d given a fair amount of thought to everyone’s dismissal of the shield class, but none of those options seemed to be the case in this world. I couldn’t figure it out, but I had no choice but to keep moving forward. I cast First Heal on myself to heal my wounds. I have discovered the weakness in your attacks. Glass spoke with extravagant confidence. The black flames appear in response to attacks in your immediate vicinity.    If you are attacked from a distance it will not activate. Then you shout to your subordinates to indicate the target. Damn. She’d figured it all out. She was a real bushi. And her powers of observation were sharp. Two waves back it was a black beast; then it was a chimera. This time it was an intelligent. It was a person. Just what were these waves? Weren’t they just natural disasters? So that is all I must do to win. I defeat your party, and then attack you from a distance. It would be very easy. But honestly, such strategies aren’t even necessary in a fight like this. Ugh… Come at me with your strongest attack. It was like she was playing with me. She didn’t even look like she was preparing to avoid my attack. I knew why. It’s because she was playing with me. If she stood up to my strongest attack and took the full force of it without buckling, that was her way of humiliating me. But I wasn’t going to lose that easily. I couldn’t! Shut up already! Shield Prison! Change Shield (attack)! Glass was immediately trapped in the Shield Prison, and the shields quickly turned into shields that would attack her. And then… Iron Maiden! I used my newest skill—an instant kill. A massive iron chamber, shaped like a woman, appeared in the sky and pulled the Shield Prison inside. The door slammed, and the shields themselves were pierced through. How’s that?! But… You’re more powerful than I expected. The door swung open, and Glass was alive and well inside. The Iron Maiden hadn’t damaged her much, and it dissolved into small particles and vanished. It vanished, leaving Glass standing there without a scratch. Like nothing had happened at all. But… There were no other options. Very well then, we will consider this wave ended—and we have emerged victorious. I bare you no hatred. However…    Before she finished her speech, the hourglass countdown icon in the corner of my visions quickly changed. 00:59 A new set of numbers appeared. The time? But it’s much sooner than… Now! %char1% aligned her breathing with me and quickly chanted a magic spell. First Light! A ball of light appeared right before Glass—then it exploded in a great flash of light. Glass was stunned by the flash, and stood there motionless for a moment. I immediately changed to the Chimera Viper Shield and ran over to %char2%. She had jumped to her feet, ready to go crazy, but quickly recovered her senses. Get us out of here! Wait! Don’t doubt her speed. We’ll get away just fine. You would subvert the rules of the waves? I can’t have you making time for yourselves like that! I’m tired! What’s going on?! I guess she couldn’t seriously hope to fight. If the Iron Maiden didn’t work then I was out of options. Very well then. It’s disappointing, but we seem to be out of time. Glass walked off toward a giant rift. Before she entered it she paused, then turned. What? What did she want to say? I will withdraw for now, but you will not be so lucky next time. Do not allow yourself to forget that it is WE who will emerge from the waves victorious. If that was your true strength, it is only a matter of time. What did she mean, we? She was making it sound like some kind of competition. I didn’t understand. I thought that the waves were natural and were going to destroy the world. Thinking further though, I realized that nobody seemed to know anything at all about the waves. We had to figure out what they were. At the very least, we’d realized that the enemy was intelligent, and a force to be reckoned with. The Trash and his Bitch were really holding me back. We just figured out who our real enemy was, who the heroes needed to be fighting.    Geez… enemies, everywhere I looked, more enemies! %Name%. I will remember your name. Lick your wounds and await my return. Don’t bother learning my name. We aren’t planning on losing to you. She nodded, satisfied. Then she killed a Soul Eater that had been hiding near the rift before stepping inside and vanishing. Did she just kill her ally? Glass was a human, so was she not on the Soul Eater’s side? At Glass’s retreat the rifts closed, and at the same time the hourglass countdown vanished from my vision. Whew… We made it out of that alive, but who was that woman? Who knows? Wheeeeew! %char2% was out of energy, and she lay sprawled on the ground. For a second I wanted to join her. Well, we managed to close the wave. We did. I’m tired! Me too. Let’s leave the heroes where they are and pick up the pieces. Honestly, it had been a terrible loss. How could we have known the enemy was so strong? If we couldn’t win despite knowing all the secrets of the game, what hope did we have? And what was that countdown that appeared at the end? Regardless, we needed to get stronger before the next wave arrived. It was clear as day. If we didn’t class-up, we’d never survive the next wave. But still, the others must have classed up—and they were still defeated. We needed something else, some kind of decisive advantage. And so the third wave of destruction came to an end, and we made it out alive.       We went back to the ghost ship where we’d fought the inter-dimensional Soul Eater. Perhaps because the enemy had been defeated, the ship was lying on its side on the ground. The heroes and their parties were there too, unconscious. The volunteer soldiers and villagers were standing around them, apparently they’d been protecting them. They shouldn’t have had to do that. Finally, it was time for the best part of this whole disaster: Adding the materials to my shield’s repertoire. Unfortunately, the Goblin Assault Shadows and Lizard-Man Shadows were just that, shadows. Therefore there were no materials left for me to absorb. Well, there was a little clump of shadowy material, but I was only able to unlock one new shield with it. Shadow Shield: ability locked: equip bonus: shadow resistance (small) There were some other things, but they just unlocked status boosts, so I’ll just ignore them for now. All that was left was the inter-dimensional Soul Eater. Oooh. Yummy! Don’t eat it. %char2% had grabbed it and was about to put it in her mouth when I stopped her. It was clear enough what had caused her to go crazy and violent. Any way you looked at it, it must have been because she’d eaten the dragon core. Come on! I reached out and took the material from %char2%, but for some reason it instantly ran through my fingers and fell to the ground. How did you hold onto it? I cast wind magic on my hands. Really? So you couldn’t hold the fish in your bare hands? That was weird. Is everything okay? The volunteer soldiers saw the confused face I was making and came over to help. Oh, yeah. I was just asking %char2% how she was able to hold onto the monster here. These monsters don’t have physical bodies. To get a grip on them you need to use something that has magical properties.    What? It’s pretty well known. Did you not know about it, Shield Hero? No. Oh, well, monsters without physical bodies are a pretty rare thing, so you’ve probably just never run into one. Then do any of you have a weapon with magical properties I could use? I’d like to butcher this thing. The soldier went around the group asking if anyone had a weapon like that, and he found one person whose weapon had some cheap magical materials in it. They let me borrow it, and I butchered the fish. %char2% told me how she’d gotten the magic into her hands, and I copied her. I picked up the tail and let the shield absorb it. Soul Eater Shield: ability locked: equip bonus: skill Second Shield spirit resistance (medium): Spiritual Attack Resistance (medium): SP up: Special effect: Soul Eat, SP recovery (weak) The shield unlocked with just the tail, and it didn’t reference any other parts —which probably meant that further butchering the Soul Eater wouldn’t do me any good. I tried letting the shield absorb other parts, but nothing changed. But what was this Second Shield thing? Spirit resistance probably meant that I could hold off spiritual attacks. The special effect Soul Eat sounded kind of interesting. I hope it didn’t mean that I could eat souls. That didn’t sound so good to me. I slowly changed the shape of the shield. It was like the whole thing was made from the monster, from the Soul Eater’s head. It was a strange design. And the Chimera Viper Shield had a higher defense rating. If the special effect Soul Eat meant that I could eat souls, then I should be able to hold the Soul Eater. So I reached for it. But my fingers weren’t able to actually touch its flesh. I guess I was wrong. Good. I wasn’t interested in eating any souls. It was probably a counter attack of some kind. Maybe it ate the enemy’s soul in the sense that I absorbed their SP. Okay next, what was this Second Shield skill? I tried it out. Second Shield. Air Strike Shield to Second Shield. That’s what the icon flashing in my field of vision said. Air Strike Shield! I waited to make sure that the Air Strike Shield appeared in the air before    continuing. Second Shield! Another shield appeared. So that’s what it meant. Up until now I could only use one Air Strike Shield at a time. But now I could apparently summon two. There were probably a lot of different ways to use it, but it didn’t excite me all that much. I looked back at the remaining inter-dimensional Soul Eaters. I kind of want to absorb them all and leave nothing for the others. But they would never let me live that down. Besides, if they didn’t get stronger it wouldn’t be good for anyone, let alone for me. If I was going to have to fight with them, they would have to be strong too. Sure, in this fight I was definitely the MVP. Still, I decided to leave materials for the others. Master, let me eat the leftovers! %char2% shouted, a long trail of spittle dangling from her beak. Can’t fight nature. I cut through the spine and tossed a tail over to %char2%. She gobbled it up. The bones are so slimy! Wait. Did we run into any slimes? Um… The rest of the conversation wasn’t interesting, so I’ll just cut it off there. Let’s just say that I ended up angry because I didn’t get to use them to unlock any shields. All right! Let’s head for the next village and see if we can help them rebuild. We had finished what we had come to do. So the volunteer soldiers and I started to help with cleaning up the bodies and making repairs in the next the village. We obviously weren’t going to be able to help with all the jobs that needed to be done, so we focused on feeding the survivors and treating their wounds. Thank you so much! We’ll do all we can! The volunteer soldiers listened to my orders and obeyed them without issue. I guess it meant that I didn’t need to doubt their sincerity anymore. A day had passed since our long and trying battle—finally, the knights arrived. The leader of the knights was very upset that I had summoned the volunteer soldiers to the wave with me. You bastard! You think you can steal my subordinates and use them to    form a private army?! It’s not the Hero’s fault! We came to him and offered to lend out services. He merely accepted our offer. What? And you call yourselves soldiers for the great land of Melromarc?! You’d sell yourselves to the Shield?! You fool. Are you really going to focus on scolding your subordinates when you are surrounded by all this tragedy? Do you have any idea how bad the damages would have been had they not been here? The villagers had gathered around to hear what was going on. They all nodded in agreement with me. And just so you know, those other heroes that you depend on so much, they were defeated along with their parties during the wave, and now they’re relaxing in that building over there. No one had asked them to do it, but the villagers had gathered together and brought the unconscious heroes back to town so they could nurse them back to health. They had the medicine they needed, but it would still be a few days before they were back on their feet. Still, they were recovering quickly, and they’d probably wake up before the day was over. Hurry and bring the Heroes to me! I will send them to an excellent hospital! Their wounds aren’t as bad as the others around here. There are villagers in much worse shape. You should prioritize them! We must prioritize the Heroes for the sake of our great country. No, for the world! This guy sure was impressed with himself. Regardless, I’d assumed they would behave that way, so we’d been prioritizing the villagers’ treatment anyway. Yeah, yeah. Anyway, hurry up and get them out of here! The rest of us have things to do. Wait, Shield. I waved them away, but the knights had been talking about the situation with the volunteer soldiers, and now they called out to me. What is it now? Your presence is requested at the castle. No thanks. You’re a pain. You WILL come with us. I’d like to see them try to force me. We had more important matters to attend to. Why were they always in my way? I ignored them and turned to leave, but the volunteer soldiers stepped    forward, petitioning. They bowed to me. Please, Shield Hero. Please come with us. They had done everything I asked and obeyed all my orders. It didn’t seem right to ignore them now. Besides, I did have that new carriage that I needed to pick up from the guy at the weapon shop. Geez. I scratched at my head and slowly turned around. Fine. All I have to do is go with you, right? I owe these soldiers, so that’s the only reason I’ll do it Thank you so much! They were all clearly thankful that I was going with them. I slowly nodded. And so we all made for the castle. We arrived the next day and entered the castle. We’d like for your companions to wait in the other room. You’d bring us all this way and then send them off? These people drove me crazy. Mind if I just get out of here? It wasn’t like they were going to do anything nice for me. All this was a waste of time. You may not leave. We have a great deal of information we need to learn from you. I told you everything on the way here. I’d already told them about how the heroes were defeated and we were left to face the final enemy alone. The volunteer soldiers had seen it all happen, albeit from a distance, so there was no room for them to doubt what I was saying. The Trash might try to make something up, but if he did I would just run way. I was strong enough to get away now, and if %char1% and %char2% were with me then I should be able to outrun anyone who tried to pursue us. Silence! You are before the king! The door hinges squealed as the door opened, and we were lead to the thrones, where the Trash sat and looked down severely at us. I’m sure he’d already been told everything. He was obviously irritated at how successful I had been during the wave. It is incredible to think it, but I hear you were able to fight back the wave, Shield. As for myself, I don’t believe a word of it. Is that how you express your gratitude?    Insolence! I have a question for you—not that I can trust your words. What? How awful was this guy? Did he need to indicate his distrust after every single sentence he spoke? Shield, I hear that you have discovered a strength that has made you more powerful than the other Heroes. I don’t believe it, but you have an obligation to tell me if it is true. Speak now. Not that I believe you. He was so transparent, the fool. He was wondering if I was stronger than the other heroes, but he wasn’t honest enough to ask me directly. He made me sick, the Trash. Honestly though, I had no idea why Glass retreated after she defeated the other heroes. She’d mistakenly thought that I was the strongest hero, and so we started fighting. But then a counter indicating a time limit appeared, and she retreated. I could tell that the hourglass timer had something to do with what happened, but the rest of it was a mystery. What would have happened if the counter had run out? There were too many questions remaining. Eventually we would have to find the answers. But I didn’t have time for that now. But still. I could tell what was going on here. I turned to the Trash and smiled, jabbing my finger at the ground before me. If you really want to know, crawl down here and bow to me. The Trash King was so shocked he froze up for a moment. His face was hilarious. I wished I could have taken a picture. Did I stutter? Are your ears plugged up? If you really want to know, come down here and put your nose on the floor! Uh… Uh… Uh… What are you grunting like a monkey for? Or do you only aspire to be as wise as a monkey? The king is trash! Not that I would believe the words of a monkey anyway. As I parodied and mocked him, his face grew red and stiff. His eyes glared at me, full of hate. You know what? It felt great. You bastard! The Trash roared. His shout echoed through the halls. The first enemy was the wave, and the second was the Trash. But I wasn’t going to lose to the Trash. Don’t you ever show your face here again! You’re the one who asked me to come! You don’t have to ask me to stay away!    And so I said my final farewell to the Trash.     I’ll have your head! The Trash wasn’t happy with my behavior. Uh-oh! How are you going to get me to the guillotine? There was a clatter of armor as knights began inching toward me from their posts around the throne. Are you guys forgetting? I’m the one that defeated the enemy—the one strong enough to take down all the other heroes. I readied my shield and faced the knights. They all stopped moving. I was a hero, after all. They did all know that I’d survived the wave where others had fallen, so why would they risk drawing close? Even if I was half faking it… What are you doing?! Kill this insolent fool! Hey now. I turned back to him and spoke threateningly. Don’t you understand? I’m strong enough to march into this castle, kill you, and make it out of here unscathed. You see that, right? Uh… The Trash King looked very upset. If you don’t believe me, I can demonstrate. I’d learned that some tricks and threats were necessary to negotiate effectively in this place. I had to use the tools available to me if I was going to restrain the Trash. Those heroes you depend on were defeated by the enemy—an enemy I then defeated! Now you want to make me into your enemy? Ughhhhh… He was so angry he was grinding his teeth. The only reason you can speak that way… I’ll kill you if you touch my party members. I thought it best to tell him how that would play out. Iron Maiden was a very powerful skill. It had defeated the Soul Eater, so I knew it was capable of killing someone. At the very least I could use self curse burning and give them all some serious burns. Trash’s face was pale. Apparently he finally understood his place. Don’t ever summon or speak to me again, Trash. When the waves are over, I’m out of here. Until then, I will do what I have to. But don’t get in my way.    I couldn’t pull any punches when I threatened him—and I couldn’t use my trump card either. I had to save that for when I didn’t have any other options left. If I killed him here and now, nothing would change. Whoever was pulling the strings behind the scenes would just pop up and take his place. Still, if I had to fight the other heroes directly, I didn’t know if that was a fight I could win. And if I had to fight them all at once, I was sure to lose. Later. I turned and left the throne behind. I won’t forgive you! I won’t forgive you, Shield!!!!!!!! His screams echoed through the castle. That makes two of ussssss!!!! I shouted on my way out of the chamber. I left the castle and was walking down the stairs when I passed a woman who looked like she was from the nobility. She hid her mouth with a fan, and she was wearing an expensive-looking dress. I couldn’t see her whole face, but I could tell she was pretty. I wonder how old she was? She was probably in her early twenties. Her hair was purple. That was a rare color. Zank you for all your hard work, Zir. Zir? Crap, I almost turned to look. Huh? The woman was followed by the younger princess. Ah. I ignored her and kept walking. I didn’t have anything to say to the Bitch’s younger sister. Mz. %char7%… I understand, thank you! Yes, at the time I thought nothing of it, and kept walking. At the time I wouldn’t have thought, not even in my wildest dreams, that the younger princess would be the key that unlocked the door to dramatic change. By the way, %char1% and %char2% were waiting for me back in the room. Apparently they had thought that I might cause a ruckus and had been planning to come after me. I didn’t know if I should be happy they understood me so well —or if I should be bothered by it. I left the castle, and the first thing I did was stop by the weapon shop to see if the carriage I’d ordered was ready. Hey kid. The carriage is all ready to go.    Well that was fast. Old Dude, you sure do work with metal quickly. You manage everything I ask of you so fast. I just organize it all. I have friends that help out with the actual work. I didn’t actually make the carriage! Yeah, I suppose it only made sense that he’d get a local blacksmith to help him out. I was just thinking that you’re one of those guys that can make anything happen for the right price. Kid, I swear it’s depressing to hear you talk like that. I’m not young and skilled like you are. I’m not skilled. What kind of person did he think I was? It’s parked out back. Come have a look. Right on, can’t wait to see it. By the way, I was thinking about %char1%’s… Before I could finish my sentence, %char1% reached out and grabbed my hand. What is it? You don’t need to mention the sword. I have a back-up sword anyway. So let’s save whatever money we can for now. Hmm… Well, if you really think so, then I guess we can. %char2%’s attack had gotten so powerful that she was doing most of the damage anyway. If %char1% could take on a support role, that should be fine. And she was probably thinking that we might find a better sword than the old guy could make for us. We made our way out to the back of the shop, and sure enough, a large metal carriage was waiting for us. The carriage was metal. Even the roof was metal. It reminded me of a little tin wagon my parents had bought for me in the past—only this one was lifesized. Wow! %char2%’s eyes were wide and sparkling. I’d never seen her look so excited. She tottered over to the front of it, and slowly reached for the reigns. I’m allowed to pull it, aren’t I? Sure. Yay!! Her eyes were fluttering, and she readied her grip on the reigns. She was so excited she looked like she might explode. Let’s load it up first.    Understood. Okaaay! We went to the old carriage, took all of the luggage out of it, and then moved everything to the new carriage. I couldn’t help but notice that we were spending more and more of our time moving things and carrying luggage around. What do you think, kid? The old guy poked his head out to see how it was going. I gave him a good job thumbs up. It’s just what I wanted. Great. Though I have to say, it looks pretty heavy. Think the bird-girl can handle it? Yeah! No problem. She was pulling the last carriage with three carts linked to the back. Impressive. She might even start whining that it’s not heavy enough. You know what I like? Hard ones! Maybe it was a %char2%lial thing? Did they compete to see who got to carry the heaviest, hardest objects? Ahahaha. You can do it! Hey, that has me wondering. Where are you off to now? What do you mean? I heard all about it. You did something crazy at the castle? The old guy looked a little worried. Well that was fast. Rumor is the spice of life. Whatever. The Trash was acting crazy again, so I had to make sure he knew his place. I was sure you’d do something someday, kid. Glad I didn’t disappoint. I could have used a little disappointment, actually. Great. Well, to answer your question, I’m thinking of heading for Siltvelt or Shieldfreeden so that we can class-up. Sure, I could have gone and threatened the Trash to get permission to use the Dragon Hourglass in Castle Town, but I needed to class-up %char2% and %char1%, and I didn’t want to put them in any unnecessary danger. I still didn’t have a very good understanding of what the class-up process entailed, but the people who managed the Dragon Hourglass were apparently so    concerned with it that they had invented all these rules and regulations to control our access to it. If it was going to be such a pain, then it seemed like the best idea would be to just head to another country where it seemed like we would have a free pass to do whatever we wanted. You know, kid. I’ve been thinking you’d head in that direction for a while now. Really? He was nodding at us in approval. I wonder what it meant? I’d suggest Shieldfreeden. Siltvelt can get a little… crazy. What do you mean? Well, they are demi-human supremacists, and they turn humans into slaves there. Kinda the opposite of Melromarc. I see now. Considering I was human, it probably wasn’t the best option. And yet… Thanks for the advice. We’ll head for Shieldfreeden. We finished loading the carriage and climbed aboard. All right. Well, I look forward to seeing you the next time you’re in town. Sure. The next time I see you I’ll probably be looking for equipment that is good against ghosts and spirit-type monsters. I see. Sounds like you’ve advanced enough to worry about monsters like that. I’ll make sure I have the things you need. I’d like to gather materials to keep costs down. You can do what you want, kid. Just do me a favor and don’t show up needing everything within twenty-four hours. I’ll tell you where you can get the materials, if you want. Got it. I’ll make sure you have enough time. Okay, we’re out of here. Later, Old Dude. Later. %char2% started tugging at the reigns. Our immediate goal was to class-up. With %char2% pulling us, we could get there in two weeks. It would be a long trip, but it would be for the best. That’s it! There was a loud voice coming from outside the gates. As we left Castle Town, we were suddenly overwhelmed by the sound of someone banging against the sides of the metal carriage. Found you! Huh? Mel! What? I had %char2% stop and turned to look outside. The younger princess was there.    Her eyebrows arched, pointing a finger at me. Behind her stood a crowd of knights. It was the knights whose voices we’d heard. Please return to the castle! What? Just like that? I’m asking you to return and have a real conversation with my father! The little brat was getting obnoxious. I didn’t have anything to discuss with the Trash. Your father is wrong about everything. I’m not wrong. So at least we figured that out. What was that?! Did it take her so long to figure all this out? She was the Bitch’s younger sister. Why should I spend any time talking to her? Tell your father this: I can kill him at anytime. Tell him to always be afraid. Why? Why do you have to say such horrible things? Please tell me! Because your father is a piece of Trash! I won’t waste my time talking to Trash. Your parents are the WORST! Y…You… I won’t forgive you! My mother was wrong! The Shield Hero is a jerk! One of the knights behind her stepped forward. Heh. You want to fight me? %char2%… What? Let’s go. But… I want to play with Mel! You can’t. But… Let’s GO! Fine… Bye Mel! %char2% nodded, turned back to the road, and took off running. Hey. Waaaaaaaaiiiiiiiit! The shouts of the younger princess faded away. The Castle Town really was filled with garbage. Other than shopping, there was no other reason to go there.       Mr. %Name%, don’t you think you should have spoken with her? That’s easy to say, but think about it. She’s the Trash’s daughter, and the Bitch’s sister! I can’t imagine her as a reasonable person. That’s true. But she did help us once. And before that, she was our travel companion for a time. Hmm… %char1% was right. She had helped us once, back when %char6% was running wild in town. But still, that was probably a strategy to steal %char2% from us. If we’d let her keep talking, she probably would have had %char2% seized. %char2% was already pretty attached to her. Fine. If they chase after us, I’ll hear her out. That’s a good idea. She is %char2%’s friend, after all. Mel is nice! She pretends to be. Anyway, focus on the task at hand. We’ll sell things along the way, right? Yeah. I mean, we have to pay for the travel and for all our equipment, not to mention %char2%’s appetite. %char2% would help us get there, but we’d have to keep her belly full if we wanted to keep the speed up, and that would cost plenty. I’d been letting her eat the monsters we happened upon, but that wouldn’t be enough to cover her whole diet. I don’t know where all the money went, but I knew that we had to raise money while we had the chance. We could just set up shop in the villages and towns we stayed in on the road. Huh? In the back corner of the carriage there was a large bag I’d never seen before. Wondering what it was, I opened the bag to find a single letter mixed in with a whole pile of items. Dear Kid, I was too embarrassed to give you these directly. I went ahead and made you all some tools I thought might be useful. Use them if you like. The old guy from the weapon shop! It was so kind, so considerate. I reached for the item on top.    It was a long sword. It was the same sword that %char1% had been using, the one that had broken. The old guy must have been inspecting us closely. He was very observant. I was honestly touched. I thought I might cry. %char1%. What? The old guy made you a present. But this is worth a small fortune. I don’t know what to say. %char1% accepted the sword, her eyes welling up with tears. That guy really did seem to care about us. What else is in there? The bag was stuffed with things, and all of them were labeled with our names. The letter also included short descriptions of the items. He must have rushed to write it all out, as the handwriting was quick and hasty. So the first one was for me. It was an item for the jewel in my shield. It sat over the jewel like a lid of some kind. According to his note, it would help me look up information about the shield. Well, the shield was the whole reason I couldn’t really fight for myself. Anything he did to make it easier to understand was a good idea in my book. It clicked into place over the jewel. The next one was for %char1%. It was another short sword. But why? I passed it to her. He says this one is for you too. Another sword? She quickly slid it from its scabbard. There was a soft pop, and it turned out that there was no blade on the handle. What was it for? Is it a stage prop or something? I… I don’t know. The memo indicated that it was an experiment of his: a magic sword. He said it would work against shadow monsters with no physical body. He wrote the memo is if he expected us to know what he meant. Normally he would have explained it to us, but he must have been embarrassed because he forgot to write how it was used. Where was the blade? Did it mean that only shadow monsters would be able to see it? There must be a reason it is missing the blade. I’ll try to look it up later. Yeah, I don’t think he’d give us anything we couldn’t use.    All right. %char1% would do all the research about the magic sword. Next up… I thought it would be for %char2%, but it was for me. Is it a glove? It looked like a glove with a jewel affixed to it. It was pretty cool looking. Let’s see here. Yup, there was a memo explaining it. Reading it made me tense up. It was supposed to help out if we were ever in a situation in which %char2% couldn’t pull the carriage. Apparently if I put on the glove, I’d be able to pull the carriage too. The effect was somehow linked to my current magic power rating. So I guess it was some kind of power glove. Not that I wanted to pull a big, heavy carriage around. If he wanted to be nice, he was going about it in the wrong way. %char2%. This one’s for you. I figured it was best to leave the pulling and tugging to %char2%. After all, she was the one who liked it. My hands won’t fit in those! I guess it wouldn’t work when she was in her %char2%lial Queen form. Well, that only made sense. You can wear them when you are in human form. Use them to play or something. Even in the worst-case scenario, I could use them to craft something. Okaaay! Seriously, I was surrounded by jerks left and right, but just knowing that there were people like the weapon shop owner out there, well, it made me want to keep moving forward. There was a good chance we’d run into Glass during the next wave. We would have to get strong enough to face her before that happened. Which meant that we would probably need the old guy to make us some weapons before the next wave. I felt like my efforts wouldn’t be futile—like I had to get stronger, for him too. Let’s go! Yes. Yay! Here we gooooooo! We were back on the road. The next morning, after a light breakfast, we left the inn early. It was that kind of town. Waiiiiiiiiit! Please talk to my father!    I sighed and slapped my palms to my forehead. I figured they’d chase us, but I didn’t think they’d catch up so quickly. If they were capable of keeping up with %char2%, they must have been moving quickly. And to think, I’d purposefully steered %char2% in the wrong direction to throw them off. We finally caught up with you! Ah, Mel. %char2% had stopped, so I climbed down from the carriage and faced the little brat. Apologize, and speak with me! She’d been so polite at first. Now I guess she thought she could order us around. And so the monster sheds its skin. I knew she was after %char2%. Sorry. Here I am. Don’t apologize to me, apologize to my father! Ugh, shut up already. I couldn’t handle talking to the little brat. If you don’t, my mother will make him pay. What are you talking about? I considered jumping back into the carriage and running. But %char1% had already told me off about that kind of behavior. I guess I needed to hear her out, just this once. To be fair, this girl hadn’t actually done anything bad to us. As for stealing %char2%, that was just my guess. She’d never been anything but nice to us. And yet, here she was, begging me to speak with the Trash. I couldn’t imagine anything I’d rather do less. What did she mean that her mother would make him pay? Was the Trash in for a spanking? What do you want me to do? That’s what I’ve been trying to say! I’m trying to create a space for the Shield Hero and the King to make amends. The group of knights behind her ignored our conversation and drew their swords. What’s that? One of the knights in the back was pointing a crystal ball at us. Huh? What was that supposed to be? Then I noticed. None of them were looking at me. I suddenly had a really bad feeling. A shiver went up my spine. It was a feeling similar to how I felt when I realized the Bitch had betrayed me. Tension, with a lot of dread. It was a feeling I’d spent the last few months trying to forget. That sense of betrayal—the air was thick with it. Without stopping to think, I quickly ran toward the knights. The reason for    my growing dread became immediately apparent. The knights turned their swords on the younger princess. Ahhhhhh! Air Strike Shield! The little brat let out a shrill scream. The Air Strike Shield appeared before her just in time. What are you doing? In a flash I was in front of the brat, glaring at the knights. You—Shield! You would use the princess as a hostage?! Huh? They were the ones moving to attack her! What were they talking about? It looked like the younger princess understood that just fine—her face was pale. The Shield is our enemy! We’ve known it from the beginning! The knights shouted, and came running to attack me. I readied my shield to protect the younger princess. The air was soon filled with the clang of sword on shield. Ugh… The knights in the back were busy casting a spell. It started to rain fire. There was no time. I threw my cape over the princess and we waited for the fire to burn out. You… You Shield Demon! %char2%! %char1%! Understood. Okaaay! They knew what I meant, and they were both attacking the enemy in a flash. The knights knew a counterattack was coming. They jumped on their horses and fled. Fools. %char2% was way faster than any horse. In less than a second, she’d knocked one of the knights from his horse. AHHHHHHHH! No! A demon! We’d already taken care of one of them, but as we chased down another, then another, the other knights were able to get away. What the hell was that about? Weren’t they here to protect the younger princess? How would we get to the bottom of this? We tied one of the knights up with a rope and questioned him.    Okay, jerk. Why did you all just try to kill the princess in front of me? Better speak up. I don’t have lips for talking to demons. Ha! So I’m a demon now? It’s been a while since people had been so rude to my face. There were plenty of people who said that the Shield Hero was a demon without knowing that I was that person. I’d wondered what they’d meant, but I had never gotten a chance to ask. And then here was this guy, saying he didn’t have lips to speak with a demon. You do understand the position you’re in, don’t you? I called out to %char2%. Lunchtime? The knight went pale. But he recovered his sense and spoke. Even if I die, I would be a martyr for a holy cause. God will lead me. So he was religious. Threats probably wouldn’t work against this sort of fanatic. Hey Princess, you have any ideas? The princess was trembling with fear. She shook her head. Huh, you don’t say? What religion are you talking about? Some stupid cult, I’m sure. The Church of the Three Heroes! You demon! You would blaspheme our God?! Of course. Fanatics can’t stand it when you start to make fun of their beliefs. I could use that to wring information out of him. That’s the major religion here. %char1% whispered to me. You know it? Well, most people are part of the church here. My village was a different religion, so I’m not part of it. Mr. %Name%, you mean you’ve never heard of it? Never. I thought that you knew. Why didn’t the weapon shop owner tell me anything about it? He was probably just trying to protect your feelings. Maybe he’d thought I would do something reckless if I’d found out the real reason that everyone had been treating me so poorly. There really had been a time that I would have done pretty much anything. The last time I saw him I’d rushed the conversation too, so I don’t know if he had actually been trying to tell    me. I’d have to make an effort to listen to people more. Fine. Go through their belongings and see if you can find anything relating to the religion. Oh, ok. %char1% rooted through their things and came back with a rosary. From what I could tell, it was just a normal item, made from normal materials, and without any special properties. Put it on the ground. … What a strange symbol. There were three weapons all folded into one design. Sword, Spear, and Bow. It was a weird selection of violent weapons. That reminds me, the church we’d visited to buy the holy water had the same symbol hanging up. I guess I’d entered the church without saying anything, so %char1% had assumed I already knew about the church. All right guy, if you don’t start talking, I’m going to stomp on this thing. No! Nooooo! The veins on the guy’s head stood out as he screamed. He sure was quick to anger. Was this little string of beads really that important? Back in my own world there were religious groups that were fanatical enough to go to war. These guys must have been like that. Well, well. I slowly lowered my foot until it was almost touching the rosary, and then raised it again. Then I pretended to step on it again, raising my foot at the last moment. I did it over and over. You demon! Our God will never forgive your behavior! What do I care what your God does? Now tell me why you tried to kill the princess. No? Are your beliefs so flimsy? Ugh… Are you just going to let me, a DEMON, stomp on your precious little rosary? Your God must be very understanding. It was the reverse of the Japanese fumie. If they really believed I was a demon, they had no choice but to stop me. If you tell me the truth, I won’t step on it. I won’t be manipulated by you! Too bad. I ground the rosary under my heal, crushing it into the ground. Nooooooooooo! Hmm, what’s he going to do? I should probably clear up the first    misunderstanding. Hey Princess? Who are these guys? Are they knights? I… Um… She was still visibly shaken by the attempt on her life. Her face was pale, and she was trembling. Mel! Master and me are here so it’s okay! %char2%. Mel recovered her senses and turned to me, whispering. Um… These men are father’s knights. The Trash… You mean he wanted to kill me so badly he would sacrifice his own daughter? Unbelievable. Did he really hate me that much? I… Um… I don’t think so. Why not? I don’t think my father knows about this. When he plays strategy games, he’s super smart—my mother can’t even beat him. If this were his plan, it would be perfect. This plan, honestly, my mother wouldn’t approve of it. I think you’ve got that backwards. From where I was standing, it all looked pretty bad. I guess we couldn’t expect much from the mother either. This seems like something my sister would think of. It’s just like mother said. We’ll have to keep an eye on her. Hmm… I might have been reading too much into it, but it sounded like there was some bad blood between these sisters. So you think it was your sister? She was an heiress to the throne, so there was a motive for her to try and get rid of her sister—the younger one was apparently first in line. The Bitch would know that, and a plan like this certainly wasn’t below her. She might want the throne. She’d have to get rid of me to get it. That does sound like something she would do. I wouldn’t put it past her. My sister, from a young age, has loved bringing ruin to people. My mother has said that she would do anything to get what she wants. It sounded like, at the very least, she had a handle on the basics. But father doesn’t understand that. He keeps saying that she’s serious, and good. So the Trash trusted her. The younger princess wasn’t taking his words at face value. Maybe the king just doesn’t want you to inherit everything?    That’s not it. Why not? Because mother is in charge of choosing a successor. And mother does not trust my sister. Mother… Your mother… is that the woman with the purple hair, the one who walked with you and said, ‘Zir’? That was a double—they pretend to be her in public. A double? So I guess she looked like that. I couldn’t forget how purple her hair had been. Yeah. Well, the double looks just like her but talks kind of strangely. Huh. Because she’s the queen, way more powerful than the king. There she was again, whispering big news like it was nothing. What was that? Her mother is more powerful than her father. Huh? Mr. %Name%, Melromarc is a matrilineal country. I just found out recently myself. %char1% jumped in, adding more information as if it were the most obvious thing in the world. What did this mean? It meant the Trash had married into the royal family! What are you laughing for, Mr. %Name%? How could I not laugh? That Trash had to marry into the royal family! Ahaha! Master, you look like you are having a good time. Don’t speak ill of my father! Why not? He hung you out to dry. He did not! Wahhhhhh! Uh oh, the younger princess burst into tears and started battering me with her little fists. Ha! She’d been acting like an adult this whole time. But now she let her guard down. She was just a little kid. I mean, when we first met her I knew she was a kid. But now I knew that she really did act her age. And yet, she was speaking differently than she had when we first met. If she were a princess, she’d have to conduct herself with honor when she was in public. I guess what I’m saying is that this whining, crying little girl was the REAL younger princess. It’s not right to laugh at a crying child.    She’s basically the same age you are! Had %char1% forgotten that she had behaved the same way only two months ago? That explained her relationship with %char2% then—it was her chance to be the big sister. It also explained why she was giving the Trash more than his fair share of the benefit of the doubt. It would be easy to get a bunch of religious fanatics to kill me—they already had the motive, and he could easily deny involvement. Even if he wasn’t involved, the explanation of the Bitch trying to secure the throne for herself made perfect sense. Mr. %Name%… I know! %char1% was starting to get angry, so I decided to behave more seriously. Is there some way for us to clear our names, and also to protect the life of the younger princess? Honestly, I don’t see why I needed to protect the progeny of the Trash and or his Bitch daughter’s sister. I didn’t like the fact that they shared blood. But I couldn’t just leave her there, and I couldn’t kill her. Even still, I could sympathize with her plight. Betrayed by her own family and left to die in a pit of despair. I knew how that felt. Hm… There must be some way… The queen… Do you know where your mother is? That was my first idea. If the queen didn’t know what the Trash was up to, we could find her and explain the situation. She had more power than he did, so if we could get her on our side then that would solve the issue. If we went that route, the younger princess would be an important bargaining chip. If we could just keep her alive, she would be of use to us. She seemed intelligent enough for decent conversation. The only problem would be if the queen were just as stupid as the king. If so, she wouldn’t believe anything I said. I don’t know where she is. But, but Mother said that she wanted me to be friends with the Shield Hero. And you know that she wasn’t involved in this? That was a possibility we couldn’t rule out. Giving her youngest daughter the right of succession might have been part of her plan to find and kill me. Uh… Don’t cry, Mel! Imma help you! I promise! The princess had started crying again, so %char2% comforted her.    Hey, don’t you promise her anything! But Master… I… I want to help her! No. But I want to help! I want to help! Ugh! Shut up already! Dammit. I was getting a bad feeling about all this. What was happening? We went back and forth a few times before I noticed that the knights were laughing. Looks like the demon has finally learned his place. Shut up. I don’t have time to deal with you losers right now. That’s not true. This means we have fulfilled our purpose. What’s that supposed to mean? The death of the princess would guarantee the public’s opinion of you, demon, but even without her death there is no major problem. There must be a huge price on your head by now. Yeah, well. I suppose I should have expected that much. You can assassinate a member of the royal family and flee to another country, but don’t think that you won’t be followed! Wait. I don’t understand why you had to murder the princess before my eyes. If they were trying to frame me for her death, why bother with all this? The Bitch framed me just by pointing at me, and everyone believed her. But they wanted to bring the younger princess out into the middle of nowhere, kill her, and then frame me for it? Why did they bother actually catching up with us when they could have killed her any time? Then I remembered the knight in the back with the crystal ball. Most of the knights in the back row had managed to escape. What if… What if that ball had functioned as some sort of camera? Shield Demon, your murder of the young princess is now well known all throughout the land. You have nowhere to hide, nowhere to run. I was starting to get it. The last time, they tried to frame me in their own country, but they went too far and weren’t able to make it stick. If I had run to another country, they wouldn’t be able to call for my forced removal. What it would lead to is my exile in another country—and that would give me an opportunity to recruit sympathizers. But this time was different. They had a crystal ball that contained a scene of me leaping at the princess. That would be all the proof they were likely to need. They could easily show it    to any neighboring countries, and it would put an end to any domestic revolts they might face. Wow, honestly, I was pretty impressed. So that brings me to my main options. Option 1 Leave the princess and be on my way. The knights that the Trash sends after her will kill her, and that will give the crown all the cause it needs to go after me. The queen would put a huge bounty on my head. The word would spread to neighboring countries, and someone would always be after me. I’d be in real danger when the next wave came. They’d arrest me when I teleported to the scene. Option 2 Take the princess back to the Trash King and explain the situation to him. It would save the life of the princess, but then we’d have to deal with the Trash. I wonder if he would try to charge me with kidnapping. Basically, it would save the princess, but I couldn’t guarantee my innocence would be accepted. The Queen might step in to save me—but we didn’t know where she was, so we couldn’t go meet her. We would have to wait for her to come to us. We certainly had no obligation to put ourselves in that kind of situation. And if the Queen was the one pulling the strings this whole time, then that would be the end of us all. Option 3 We run back to the castle and kill the Trash ourselves. My crime and sins would be absolute and known to all, so the church and knights would hunt me down and kill me. Considering the possibility of failure, the risk was probably too high. Whatever we do, I can’t prove my innocence! Why did the Trash and his family have to go so far out of their way to make me miserable? Ahaha! This will be the end of the Shield Demon. Now you will suffer for threatening our church. Shut up! I ordered %char2% to eat them, and they finally learned to shut up. I could have    killed them, but it wouldn’t matter—some of them had already escaped. With their crystal ball in hand, I was soon to be charged with murder. Even still, the Church of the Three Heroes… The Church of the Three Heroes is a church with three heroes. So, that must be what the name meant. The symbol of the three weapons showed how much they valued their afterlives. But something didn’t make sense. There were supposed to be four legendary weapons, the sword, spear, bow, AND shield. Not only were the knights trying to frame me every chance they got, but apparently the church was against the shield as well. That must explain why, when I first found myself in this world, none of the assembled adventurers volunteered to travel with me. If the crown had gathered the adventurers, then it was safe to assume they picked people they felt they could trust. Thinking back on the large church in town, and the behavior of the knights here, it was evident that the church held a lot of power in Melromarc. If the church said that the shield was a demon, the people were sure to go along with it. Why would anyone, of their own free will, volunteer to team up with a demon? It didn’t matter if they knew me or had all the information of not. Any little push would do it. If all this were true, it would explain the nasty looks I got everywhere I went. The fanatical zealotry of these knights made sense in that context, as they were under control of both the Crown and the church. Thinking back on it all, they had been acting strangely towards me even before the Bitch had me framed for rape. They intentionally ignored me and then convicted me without a shred of evidence, both of which would be easier with the power of a church behind you. The people didn’t need evidence when it came to me. If I were accused of something bad, they’d accept the accusation because I was already a demon in their eyes. When I’d gone to see the Dragon Hourglass, the sisters had been cold, treating me like an enemy from the get-go. That was all the proof I needed. I was starting to understand what the Trash was up to. If he wanted to keep his position, he would have to treat the Shield Hero differently than he treated the other heroes. Over the last month or so, the public was starting to think that maybe the Shield Hero wasn’t actually all that bad. I’d acted as the bird-god saint and travelled all over the place. I’d saved people.    Lately, even in Castle Town, people had been more polite to me than they had been. It had to do with the teaching of the church—it just had to. All they had to say was that the three heroes had been threatened, and that wouldn’t exactly be a lie. That was why they used their trump card, the princess next in line for the throne. All this was just a guess. And it wasn’t going to clear my name. Still, running to another country… Then I remembered what the guy from the weapon shop had said. I think he’d said that the citizens of Siltvelt were demi-human supremacists. That would mean that they probably didn’t have close relations with Melromarc. If we took the princess, the heiress of Melromarc there to force negotiations, the queen would have to show her face. Sure, I was a human, so I wasn’t likely to receive a very warm welcome. But %char1% was with us. It might be the perfect hideout. By the way, Siltvelt was to the northeast, and Shieldfreeden was to the southeast. But I would have to cross through two other countries to get there. Like I’d learned earlier, they were pretty far away. I’d just have to press forward and hope that something turned up. All right, we’re going to go to Siltvelt for now. There might be a way for us to set all this straight—if we can get there. That’s the demi-human country, right? %char1% nodded. Um… The younger princess muttered, unsure of what to say. What is it? Oh… nothing. Fine. %char1%, once we arrive, I’m leaving all the negotiations up to you. Understood! All right, Princess—you should come with us, for your own good. I promise to protect you, so relax. If you don’t want to die, come with us. Okay. The princess slowly climbed up into our carriage, but she didn’t look very happy. I had no problem with good kids that couldn’t understand what was going on. Just like this. But it might be a good opportunity to teach her about her Trash and Bitch, to teach her about how dirty and fallen the world really was. She would have to live or die with us, so if our fates were linked, she’d better learn about the world.    She was still a kid. If I could teach her the truth, slowly, then she’d come to see things my way. Yay! Mel and me are together again! Yes. Thank you, %char2%. %char2% was thrilled that she was getting the chance to travel with her friend. So what is the Queen up to? Why did she leave the kingdom? She’s always traveling to maintain our diplomatic relations. I used to go with her. Really… Diplomacy, huh? And what about us? Mother said she wanted me to go meet with Father, and to look for the Shield Hero and to befriend him. She works so hard every day to keep us from going to war. She said the waves have made the world crazy, and that I needed to be home to protect Melromarc. From the way Mel described her, she seemed way more reasonable than the Trash. That is, if she wasn’t secretly behind all of it. Even still, all this was based on the word of a child, one who came to us for a fight to protect the Trash. We hid the fainted knights in a nearby grove and cautiously turned our sights on Siltvelt.       Hm… I was hiding in the shrubs, observing the situation. It had been a few hours since we picked up the young princess. We went to nearby village, and now we were hiding out to see what would happen. The village wasn’t far from the village where we had fought with the Zombie Dragon. Turns out, those knights were telling the truth. The Shield Demon, %Name%, has savagely murdered a group of royal guards, abducted the princess, and is running lose. He is wanted dead or alive. A reward… There were already bulletins pasted around town detailing my crimes and the promised rewards for my capture. There were soldiers walking through town and shouting about it. It had only been a few hours, so it was impressive that they had managed to pull all this off. They had said that everything had been set up from the beginning. People that came after us were volunteer soldiers, and they did so thinking they would be captured or killed. Back in my own world, I’d heard there were people who would wrap themselves around bombs and attack people—thinking they would go to heaven for it. So this world didn’t have a monopoly on crazy fanatics. What became of those knights is recorded in a crystal ball, taken at the end of their lives. The soldiers that brought this recording to the castle died from their wounds shortly after delivery. And that wasn’t all. The recording they spoke of worked something like a hologram. They’d manipulated my face into an aggressive frown, made it look like I was covered in blood, and paused the scene at one particular moment so that it looked like I had my arm hooked around the princess’s neck. They were capable of some impressive forgeries. Even though they had scampered off like rabbits with that crystal ball, here they were making it sound like I’d butchered them. They looked pretty healthy last I saw. Still, it wasn’t like they could completely fabricate the data. If you looked close, the princess’s face didn’t look like I was chocking her—more just that she was surprised by something. But still—if they could make up a forgery like this,    why did they go through all the trouble of trying to kill her in front of me? I didn’t get it. He is moving with a large carriage, which he has pulled by an evil, strange bird-demon. If you see him, immediately contact the nearest official guards. %char2% was in the hologram too. They’d manipulated her face so she looked like an angry hawk, and they’d made it look like she was spitting poison. Well good for her. In this forgery, she could spit poison—just like she’d always wanted. But if people were looking out for %char2%, that would make it harder to get around. On second thought though, maybe I could use %char2% to draw the attention away from the rest of us. Understand what I mean, %char2%? We’re traveling separately from here on out. No!! I finished checking out the village, and went back to see everyone. I told %char2% that she stood out too much, so we were going to have to split up. %char2% would pull the carriage and draw everyone’s attention while the rest of us snuck away. Then %char2% could ditch the carriage and catch up with us at her natural speed. She wouldn’t have a carriage or any luggage, so she’d be able to run pretty fast. I explained my plan to her, but all she did was complain. There’s no other way, you stand out too much. All I meant was that she was a pretty rare kind of monster. She was known around the country as the bird-god, so she was practically a target. I just have to look different when people are around, right? I can do that! How are you… But before I could finish speaking %char2% started to glow, and she began to transform. Why did she bother? She was just going to have some stupid idea, like pulling the carriage in her human form. That’s what I was thinking anyway, but her neck and legs started stretching. Gweh! She looked something like a large ostrich—or actually, she just looked like an ordinary %char2%lial. Though she was still larger than a normal %char2%lial. So you can turn into one of them? Gweh! She gave a heavy nod.    Why are you clucking like a bird? Gweh! I guess she can’t talk when she’s in that form. Hm… I guess that meant she didn’t like being stuck in a normal %char2%lial body. Wow, %char2%! That’s amazing! The princess was very excited, and her and %char2% were practically jumping up and down. Gweh. You know, if she was spitting poison, maybe it meant that I wouldn’t have to listen to her shrill cries anymore. Stay like that from now on. Then we can enjoy the quiet. Gweh! Slam! She raised a foot and wrapped her claws around my head. %char2% and %char1% basically never broke any of my rules, so I’d forgotten all about them, but attacking me was definitely breaking a rule. Before I could even move or think, the monster control spell on her began to activate. Gweh?! %char2%?! Oh come on, what is it now? Don’t be mean to %char2%! I’m not. She attacked me, so the monster spell activated. That’s it. In a way it was much cuter than having to listen to her whine as a human. I don’t know what %char2% wanted, but I would have to say I preferred her new form. The reason pets help people relax is because they don’t talk. If that pet turned into a person and never shut up, well—I don’t think many people would keep pets. But it’s hurting her! You reap what you sow. Uh… The princess had taken a weird interest in %char2%. Was it really just because they could talk as friends? Anyway, stay in that form at least for a little while. At least until we can be sure we are safe. I’d been able to keep her hidden up until now, pretending to be a saint and all that. I’m sure it would work itself out. %char1%, as for you, maybe you could mess up your clothes and, I don’t know… rip your hat or something? And so we all hid in the carriage that %char2% pulled. %char1% changed her    clothes, %char2% changed her body, and Mel and I stayed hidden. The carriage rattled down the road, and our straw-laden carriage began its journey to the northeast.       A few days had passed. We spent the days traveling, having %char2% in her %char2%lial form pull the carriage, and we did the best we could to avoid towns and villages on our way to the northeast. We usually slept in the fields or forests. Finally, we were nearing the border. Gweh! %char2%’s cry came shrill and sharp. Was it an enemy?! Mel and I peeked out from the bundles of straw to get a look. Heh, heh, heh… Leave your valuables and be on your way. I’d heard that voice before. Sure enough, it was the same group of bandits that attacked us back when we’d travelled with the accessory merchant. Can’t you hear? I said LEAVE YOUR VALUABLES! Wait now, what’s this? She’s kind of pretty… They were looking at %char1%, in her new, dirty clothes. But once they got closer to see her, their faces went white. You guys never learn, do you? There was no point in hiding any more. I jumped out of the carriage. %char2%, sensing it was okay for her to show her true form, morphed back into the %char2%lial Queen. Are you going to fight? The young princess looked very worried. We’ll be fine. What? What’s wrong with you guys? About two thirds of the bandit group hadn’t been there the last time we met up. They were looking around at their pale friends and wondering what all the fuss was about. Uh… uh… uh… This guy has a bounty… on his head. If we kill him… we’ll… be heroes. The man at the front of the group was trembling and muttering in falsetto. He looked very shaken, very uncertain. Back on your feet already? Considering you lost all your equipment, you’ve really made a quick comeback. After hearing what I had to say, the curious members of the group started checking their footing and getting ready for battle. You… You just shut up! This is all your fault! We’re working for someone    else now, and we’re at the bottom of the barrel! What a shame. Your little group was absorbed into a big, bad, bandit group? Our boss went back to the countryside! Good for him. He managed to wash his hands of your dirty profession. Shut up! We’ll take care of you! Everyone readied their weapons and ran at us. %char2%! %char1%! Yes! Okaaay! I fell back to protect the princess. Neither %char2% nor %char1% were weak enough to be actually threatened by a group of mere bandits. Take that! A bandit brandished his sword at %char2%. %char2%! The princess jumped from the carriage, threw her hands out before her and began chanting. What? Could she fight? I am the source of all power, hear my words and heed them! Shoot a ball of water at them! All Zweite Aqua Shot! A large ball of water materialized before her and then split into a number of balls before flying into the enemy. They were all knocked back. Zweite… I think that meant it was a medium level spell, and the all must mean it was plural. Ugh! Uwa! Huff… All the enemies that were preparing to attack fell to the ground. The attack must have been very strong. I am the source of all power. Hear my words and head them! Attack them with a blade of water! Zweite Aqua Slash! The princess immediately cast another spell. A ball of water appeared, then elongated in to a sharp blade that flew through the air and sliced through the group of men with a satisfying swish. The men didn’t fall, but a tree behind them split in two and fell with a loud crash. I’ll make sure it hits you next time.    She was breathing hard. It must be difficult to cast magic in succession like that. They, they have a witch with them! And she’s powerful! %char2%! Okaaaay! The bandits were momentarily stunned by Mel’s display, and %char2% took the opportunity to rush over and kick them. I’m done over here. Not yet! I turned to see a pale-faced bandit had snuck behind us in the confusion. He’d climbed onto the roof of our carriage, and was about to leap down onto the princess.     Air Strike Shield! Ugh! He jumped, but the shield appeared below him in mid air, and he fell right into it. One more! The last bandit standing, probably the weakest among them, ran for the princess. Second Shield! Change Shield! I called for another shield to appear, used them to stop the running bandit, and then used Change Shield to turn them into Bee Needle Shields. They had a poison effect, which wouldn’t kill the bandit but would paralyze him. Ugh… Uh… He fell to the ground, twitching. They’re still coming. Bandits were crawling toward the princess for a surprise attack. Nope, we’re done here. Ah… %char2%’s large shadow fell over the bandits. They must have noticed too. They started crying. In their hearts they were probably thinking of their last words, or waving white flags. I’ll save you, Mel! %char2% plopped down heavily on the bandits. The sun is starting to go down. Perfect timing, guys. Tell us where your hideout is. We tied them all up for questioning. If we talk, then we’ll… %char2%. Over here! Hey! What are you doing?! Don’t tell them! Apparently there were still bandits that didn’t understand the situation they were in. One of the bandits among them, one who we’d run into last time, started furiously trying to explain the situation. If you don’t tell them what they want to know, they’ll feed you to the bird! You’re… you’re not serious! You think he looks like he’s joking?    One of them jerked his head in my direction and asked, What’s with that one over there? What was with that magic? You don’t know!? That’s the Shield! What?! Once they all understood who I was, the whole lot of them turned pale. The one with the human-eating demon bird?! Yes! That thing eats you—starting with the head. If it goes after you, you’re as good as dead! Think of your lives! Just give him what he wants! I guess the rumors were building on each other now. %char1%, flabbergasted, put her hands against her forehead and sighed. If you lie… I know! Please, just let us live! They led us to their hideout. Obviously, we took it over. We stayed the night in their hideout, and entertained ourselves with all their stolen valuables. Most of it was food. Since we’d been on the road, and sleeping in the wild, our meals had consisted of monster meat—and I was getting tired of it. When we first entered the hideout, the princess had looked pretty scared. But she warmed up soon enough. We found their gold and valuables, which was mostly money. We took that, rounded up the rest of their stuff, and burned it. If we had done a less-than-thorough job of disposing of their equipment, they would just take it all back and come after us. The very thought annoyed me. Though to be honest, I sort of enjoyed the look of disappointment on the bandits’ faces. Hey, Princess. I didn’t know you could use magic. I can. I learned it to protect myself. How good are you? If Mel was able to fend for herself in battle, it would probably be a good idea to go ahead and add her to the party. And what level are you? I’m at level… 18. As for magic, I can use pretty much all the mid-level water magic. Well that was lower than I had expected. She was a princess, after all. I’d hoped for a higher level. But she could use mid-level magic. And you’re good with water magic? Yes.    Probably because her hair was blue, that must have something to do with it. And I can use a little earth magic too. Really? She had a pretty wide repertoire. That reminds me—your sister could use wind magic, couldn’t she? I didn’t want to remember it. But I couldn’t forget how she’d attacked me from behind during my duel with %char6%. Ugh, just thinking about it put me on edge. Better think about something else. My sister? She’s good with fire magic, but she knows a little wind magic too. I guess that made sense. She had red hair after all. Mother is good at both fire and water magic. Huh… Interesting. Anyway, I’m going to invite you to join the party. Accept it. Okay. I wasn’t planning on depending on her in battle or anything. But she would be good insurance to have around. If she was capable of fighting, there was no reason NOT to add her to the party. Even still, I didn’t want to use her in battle if I didn’t have to. Um? I was wondering what you did to make father so angry? I guess we never talked about it. It all started when your sister framed me for a crime… Over the course of the evening, I explained all the things that the Trash and the Bitch had done to me. For some reason %char2% sat next to me when I talked and followed the whole story as if I was putting on a play. I didn’t mention any of the mistakes we had made. I didn’t lie about anything either. I just told her exactly what had happened. I suppose a little of my hatred and irritation found its way into my telling, but I was fine with that. I considered it part of her education. Father and Sister are terrible! How could they complain about you after treating you that way?! Right? I feel the same way. Mother always told me to be as nice to you as I could. Huh? What was she talking about? Wasn’t the Shield Hero considered a demon by the church? The queen wasn’t part of the religion? What’s wrong, Mr. Shield Hero?    Nothing. I was just wondering what your mother thinks of me. Hmm… I don’t really know. But she did send a letter to father, asking him to treat the Shield Hero the same way he treats the other Heroes. I honestly didn’t know what to make of what she was saying, but it seemed like it was safe to assume that the queen was looking out for me in some way. Regardless, she didn’t actually end up protecting me at all, so in my eyes she was just as bad as the Trash. Master… A bunch of stuff happened before I was born, huh? Yeah. Huh? The young princess suddenly looked very putout. Um… %char2%? How old are you? A month and three weeks! What?! It was only natural that she’d be surprised. Monsters grew up fast. You’ve grown so quickly! Oh, he, he… Stop flattering me. I don’t think that’s flattery. Then I guess I’m the big sister here. If you’re talking about age, then yes. You and %char1% are actually about the same age. %char1% is… %char2% looked over at %char1%, a slight look of disappointment on her face. %char1% just looked confused. %char2% could be really abrupt. It was only natural to be confused. Wh…What? She’s a demi-human. So even though we’re the same age, she looks older. %char7% looked at %char1% as she spoke. Something about it all made me feel sympathy for %char1%. I don’t know… I feel like I’ve lost something… I don’t know why. Well just because we all know how old everyone is, people are going to think I am some kind of pervert. They’d say I had a Lolita complex. Both %char2% and the princess were little kids. With %char1% being a kid herself, it meant I was surrounded by young girls. Well, it is what it is. You’re fine the way you are, %char1%. Mr. %Name%… With three little girls around me, people would say I had a Lolita harem going. I could only imagine what the other heroes would say.    Anyway, let’s rest here for the night. We’re crossing the border soon. Okay Yay! Whoa… I looked at the checkpoints lining the border crossing and muttered in amazement. What was so amazing was there were lines of knights so long it would be impossible to count them. There were so many, it looked like the whole army was there. Could they afford to all be here? What if another country attacked? No, it couldn’t be the entirety of the army—but it sure looked like it could be. The Shield Demon is, without a doubt, aiming to cross the border in to Siltvelt! Do not let him over this border! Yes, Sir! They looked…rowdy. The border was so heavily watched, it didn’t look like an ant could get over it without being noticed. Had I been alone I could have just run through the ranks, but with %char1% and the princess in tow, that would be tough. I could have run through by myself and they could follow later—but if the other heroes were there, then they’d be spotted. Not to mention that with so many knights in one spot, I wasn’t sure that I’d even be able to outrun them all. Besides, how did they know that I was heading for Siltvelt? Granted, they might just want to stop me from entering Siltvelt because their relationship with that country wasn’t the best. Even still, they were more prepared to stop me than I would have anticipated. What do you think? Could we avoid the checkpoint, and cross somewhere else? Somewhere off-road? I don’t think so. The young princess whispered. Why not? It looks like they have emergency checks set up. If you cross the border, an alarm will sound, and they will chase you down. Damn… I pictured some kind of infrared beam. They had something like that over the border. With so many guards, they would eventually hunt down anything that illegally crossed the line. It would only be a matter of time.    You don’t think %char2% could outrun them? They’d cut you off. The alarm would alert them before you even made it to the other side. Hm… You sure know a lot about the border. Mother said I should memorize these things in case of an emergency. The system is expensive to maintain, but everyone agreed to keep it for emergencies. Excellent foresight. I could have killed someone. These people would stop at nothing to get in my way. Then I guess our only option is to go to a different country that neighbors Siltvelt, then enter from that shared border. This was the closest country by far, but we didn’t seem to have any other option. Just then some villagers passed by with a loaded cart, and we accidentally bumped into them. We were in disguise, so we should have been fine. The princess and I were hiding in the straw too. Um… For some reason, a mysterious silence fell between the villagers and %char1%. Shield Hero. They found us?! Could we get away?! Do not be concerned, you are okay. You once gave us a plant seed, and because of it prosperity has returned to our country. Thank you very much. We will not do anything to indicate your location to the soldiers. I looked closer. Sure enough, they weren’t villagers but people from the neighboring country. And they were apparently traveling merchants. They passed me some old clothes. The people with you could stand to look a little dirtier. Especially that pretty raccoon-type demi-human girl. She’ll give you away. I couldn’t deny that, among raccoon demi-humans, %char1% was exceptionally pretty. She’d met all the villagers while we were traveling merchants too, so she might have developed a reputation for herself. Back when I first bought %char1%, the slave trader had said that raccoontypes were not popular with humans. But %char1% was exceptionally pretty, so she was sure to be noticed. And if any one of them had seen her before, they’d probably recognize her instantly. I couldn’t leave %char1% behind though, so we’d have to find a disguise    for her. If you plan to run from them, that carriage will stand out too much. You can use our cart. Move your stuff into it. Thank you. And you’re right. This big metal thing does stand out. We probably need to get rid of it. Gweh?! %char2% was in her %char2%lial form, but she shook her head and grunted in protest. Gweh! Gweh! We don’t have a choice! Do you want us to be caught? Want to go to jail? They’ll kill the princess, you know?! Gweh… Once %char2% realized that Mel would be in danger, she reluctantly stopped protesting. She’d really loved that carriage, but I guess she valued her friend more. Good girl, %char2%. You had to pick between an object and a person, and you chose to value the person. I rubbed her head. Even if she didn’t understand the reasons why, she was making the right choice. Gweh? Once we’re done, we’ll come back for the carriage. Gweh! She knew I was promising. Please accept out cart. We will. Thank you. It’s all right. We will leave it with a nearby village. We’ll make it up to you. You already have. Oh yeah. Ok, Princess. It’s time for you to change. If you don’t, they will catch us for sure. Oh… All right... I gave a few silver pieces to the villagers to thank them for their help. The only remaining problem was how to feed %char2%. Since we’d been on the road she had thrown a fit whenever she got hungry. And the worst thing that could happen now would be if she slowed down. At the moment, our only strengths were our disguises and %char2%’s speed. After all, there were more dangerous things that we could run into than bounty hunters or adventurers. The princess looked like she was not happy about having to wear dirty, old clothes, but she agreed to do it, understanding the situation.    The clothes they provided her with were very worn-in. After she changed she looked like a messy little girl. Sure, she was still a princess, but I felt like she could pass for a villager. But she clearly had a good diet. She looked very healthy, and when she spoke she was obviously educated—not to mention her bright blue hair suggested a royal bearing. No one would know from a distance, but if they inspected her closely… Whatever, leaving her behind was not an option. We were going to need luck on our side. Get a bag and stuff it with things. We collected things that we could reasonably carry, and then covered them with a cloth. Anything we couldn’t carry we gave to the villagers. Even if we made good progress, it would take more than two weeks. Um, are you a merchant? I have a little shopping list. Dammit! A soldier was walking up to the foreign villagers to shop. Shield Hero? Dammit! He spotted us! I turned to %char2% to run. It’s me. Remember? We fought together in the wave? I looked him over. Sure enough, he was one of the volunteer soldiers that had fought with us. Yeah, we parted at the wave, and I hadn’t been able to follow up with them since we’d parted ways with the Trash. I was relieved, but then I realized that he was probably sent out here specifically because he had helped us. Back then I hadn’t known anything about this Shield Demon business. Thinking back on it with what I know now, it must have taken enormous stores of willpower to overcome their beliefs and help me. They must have paid for it to. Society would shun them. Were you demoted? No, there was no punishment. Oh, good. So you weren’t assigned to this post as a demotion? Apparently not. Almost half of our knights are here. All that, just for me? Hey now. Wasn’t that a bit of an overkill? Just how bad did the Trash want to keep me out of Siltvelt? I couldn’t understand it anymore. What did he really want? Could it be that there was something in Siltvelt, something I didn’t know about yet? I had to go. If the enemy was this upset about it, then it had to mean something good for me.    I didn’t know why they were so upset, but I had to go find out. Anyway, it’s too dangerous for you to be here. Run away. Thank you. It’s not just knights, the other Heroes are here too. I was afraid you might bump into them. He was right. I had to admit that they were all considerably stronger than I was. When we were fighting Glass they’d fallen when I hadn’t, but she’d appeared randomly and hit them with a finishing move before they had a chance to fight back. So they never got to show off their true powers. And they had all gone through the class-up, whereas none of us had. It would be foolish to think I could beat them in a fight. If we ran into them unprepared, I might end up dead. Let’s get going. I am praying that you are cleared of these charges and suspicions. We parted with the foreign merchants and volunteer soldier, heading to the south for a long detour.       We’d made some progress when we saw them. %char6% and %char5% were there with their parties, watching the carriages on the road. The soldier had been right. I peeked out from my hiding place. There were wizards around. They were chanting spells. There he is! He’s in that cart! I had a suspicion, a fear—and apparently I’d been right. %char6% and %char5% took off running in our direction. Damn! How did they know?! It must have been those wizards. I don’t know what they did, but it must have been them. I threw off the cloth I’d been hiding under and jumped out of the cart. %char2% knew something was happening, and she quickly transformed into her %char2%lial Queen form. I knew it! There he is! He must have been nearby, because Ren was running for us too. Dammit. It was the worst situation I could think of. We found you! Release princess %char7%! %char5% was shoving a sanctimonious finger in my direction and calling out in a self-satisfied voice. I can’t release her because she’s not my prisoner! She’s not tied up, is she?! Say what you want, we have proof! Justice is not on your side. Justice? Ha! This was from the guy who left the lives of innocent villagers up to the knights during the wave? Telling me about justice. These guys really only thought about fulfilling their own ideas of justice. Wait a second. There was one option. I could try telling them about all that had happened. I remember that Ren felt bad about the village he abandoned to sickness, and there were certainly holes in %char5%’s theory of justice. Maybe I could use that? Still, they had obviously made up their minds not to believe anything I said. But I had to try. I had to make them understand. I needed to get them to focus their justice on something else. They needed an evil conspiracy to fight against. It was a situation that any gamer would love. I’d need them to believe    me, though, or at the very least I’d need them to start doubting the Crown. Are you all so sure that you are right? Are you so sure that you are on the side of justice? What’s that supposed to mean? The princess, as you can see, is perfectly unharmed. I readied my shield and showed off the princess. An attack could come from any direction at any time. She looked worried, but she looked up at me and nodded. Sword Hero, Bow Hero, Spear Hero—The Shield Hero is innocent. He actually saved my life. She wasn’t speaking like a child anymore. She spoke with a regal tone. They listened to her, and I could see a shadow of doubt creep over their faces. Could there be a shred of evil on their side of things? If there were, their inflated egos and sense of justice certainly wouldn’t be able to tolerate that. Please believe me. There is a great conspiracy behind all of this. But Princess %char7%, isn’t that man taking you all around the country in secret? Yes, but he is doing it to save my life. I asked him to do so. Mel explained the situation, and %char5% flinched, confused. Does it not seem odd? What would the Shield Hero stand to gain by my abduction? Well… That’s… Was he trying to think of an answer? He looked lost. But… But this guy… Did you ever think that Melromarc has been treating the Shield Hero, and ONLY the Shield Hero, poorly? It’s true, but… My mother told me that it was time for us all to join hands and fight back the coming disaster. This country simply does not have the time or resources to allow its Heroes to dally about with such things. Please, put away your weapons. The three heroes might have been listening. They loosened their grip on their weapons. They were starting to come around. After all, they had lost the last battle during the wave. And the young princess was right. We really did need to spend our time on leveling and strengthening our weapons. If they were serious about following through on the purpose of being a hero, they would realize that any time not    spent on leveling or strengthening their weapons was a waste. Do you get it? This is a conspiracy. Now I’m going to tell you everything I know. Can you decide to fight me after you hear me out? The Bitch stepped forward from the crowd. Why should we listen to the words of a demon? What did she want? Was she trying to get points for pretending to be concerned about her sister? Didn’t his actions speak loud enough? He must be using the Brain Washing Shield! Sister?! Mel was absolutely shocked. She glared at the Bitch. Really, there was only so much I could stand to listen to. What the hell was a Brain Washing Shield? If I had something like that, none of this would have ever started to begin with. It was so easy to ignore the fruits of someone’s labor if you just threw out a phrase like brain washing! Besides, brain washing and religion tend to go hand-in-hand. Ha! Brain washing, give me a break. The Brain Washing Shield is a shield imbued with very powerful magic. Of course your story sounded fishy. I don’t know when you found the Shield, but the church thinks it must have been around a month ago. That was around the time I started my peddling business. It was back when I had to prioritize making medicine for that village over my business. That was when people started calling me a Holy Saint of the bird-god. I get it now. It fit, time-wise. From the church’s perspective it was a perfect explanation—a perfect lie. I feel like the situation explains itself perfectly. You’ve traveled a long way and gotten all mixed up. And here you are, practically working with %Name%! Every normal citizen knows that he is a criminal, and yet here you are, helping him? Why would you do that? Everyone is crazy. I’m saying that the Shield Hero wouldn’t do the things he’s accused of—and I’ve met old ladies that practically worship him. That old lady… I had a pretty good idea who she was referring to. Even still, what the hell were they talking about? It was just a fact that I had helped and saved a lot of people. But most of what I’d done was clean up the messes that THEY had left. Did they really think that anything they didn’t know meant some kind of enemy strategy? Seriously, what was in their heads? It very well may be that simply standing near him and talking to him will    allow him to brainwash you. At this very moment the church members among us are pooling their resources to break his spell over you. You freaking idiot! Who has that kind of power?! No one responded to my outburst. Actually %char1%, then %char2% and Mel were stunned. What they meant was that they had travelled around looking for me, and instead of listening to what people said, and actually processing the good things people had to say, they just invented this idea of the Brain Washing Shield, and the Bitch used that to convince the other heroes. It was an amazing lie. She really outdid herself. Does the Shield Hero really have that kind of power? The young princess looked up at me, worried. Does it look like I do? Um… no. You didn’t have to hesitate. If I had a shield with powers like that, my life would be a lot easier. If I had a shield like that, I could have brainwashed soldiers, knights, and wizards. I could have taken over the whole kingdom. Basically, if I had that kind of power, I wouldn’t be in this position. In other words, the very fact that people were chasing after me was a good reason to doubt the efficacy of any supposed Brain Washing Shield. Couldn’t the stupid heroes understand something so simple? So that means that %char1% and %char2% are brainwashed by him! That’s not true! We are not brainwashed! Don’t worry, we’re going to save you two. I’m with Master because I want to be! %char6% still hadn’t given up on chasing after %char1% and %char2%?! How obsessed can a guy be? Okay, enough of your stupid theories. Listen up. Depending on your reaction, I’ll give you the princess. What?! The young princess let out a surprised yelp. We’re listening. Ren took the initiative. I had to answer quickly and concisely. I couldn’t afford to misspeak. Okay, first of all there is no such thing as brainwashing. Next… I don’t believe you! Shut up! I’m not talking to YOU, General Commander. Before I could finish speaking %char5% butt in and I had to shut him up.    I didn’t have any use for the sort of hypocrite that would decide the veracity of a claim only one sentence in. Anyway… This is a conspiracy. Whether it was the king, that woman, or the church—I don’t know. But someone wanted this princess dead, and they wanted to pin it on me. Understood. Now then, we will tie you up and you will come with us. In exchange for your acceptance, we promise that no harm will come to you. We need time to investigate your claims. You would believe him?! This evil cretin?! He brainwashed %char2%! Yeah! I don’t believe him! Sword Hero! You must not listen to what the demon says! Ren was just on the verge of listening and believing me when the Bitch and the others jumped in. If we can end this without a fight, it’s worth it, no? We can investigate his claims later. Ren was acting as cool as you’d expect—but at least he was trying to calmly assess the situation. Was it safe to assume he understood? No. The princess reached up and squeezed my hand. She was shaking, and her face was pale. I think… I think they will kill us. She might be right. I took a second to think it through. There was a good chance that she would be treated differently than the rest of us. To keep their theory looking plausible, they’d probably hand the princess to some wizards so that they could cast spells to clear her of the brainwashing. But then what would happen? They would probably have to pretend that, just when they cleared her from my influence, a powerful curse activated and killed her— but of course they would just assassinate her in secret. It seemed like a likely scenario. If that was the plan, then Ren, who appeared to believe what I said, was absolutely lying. He must have truly believed I was a criminal. If the plan was to try and pin another crime on me, then it followed that the Bitch most definitely had a hand in it. But to think that she would act against her own sister… Help… Her plea was nearly silent. Her voice was hoarse. And to think, I was so close to gaining their sympathies. Oh well…    You promised, remember? What? Back then. Back on the day they framed me for rape. Back when there wasn’t a single person that believed in me. And now, the young princess was standing on the verge of life and death. Brainwashing. They’d use a simple, convenient word to tie it all up. Then they’d have her killed. Seriously, the plan was so transparent. Even I could see through it. If the princess died, that would be the end of us. Who would stand up for me—no one even believed me. Sorry, I just can’t believe you. If I gave you the princess, I don’t think you’d be able to protect her. And that’s what I promised her: protection. I put Mel onto %char2%’s back, and then called to %char1% to climb on too. %char2%, I know you don’t want to hear this, but we’re abandoning the cart. Let’s leave these guys in the dust! Okaaaay! Later. %char2% was ready and waiting. The second she realized that we were all on her back she took off running. Wait! Haikuikku! We won’t let you! Wh… %char6% produced a hoop of some kind and tossed it at %char2%’s legs. It spun around her, tripping her up. We crashed into the ground. Ugh! Ahhh! %char1%, Mel, and I were all launched forward with %char2%’s momentum. Ouch… There were already two soldiers flying at us. I jumped to my feet just in time to block their attack. %char6% had been expecting %char2%’s Haikuikku, and he interfered just before she could finish it. I really couldn’t stand him. Ugh… Hrm…. I can’t get it off, Master! I can’t get it off! %char2% was feverishly tugging at the hoop her legs were entangled in, but it showed no signs of loosening its grip on her. The hoop itself looked like it was made from black iron, but it must have had some kind of special effect. If it had been normal iron, %char2% should have been more than powerful enough to remove it.    You’re not getting away, so don’t bother. Now then, give us the princess. Why would I?! It was as clear as day. The smiling Bitch standing next to him was behind all of this. If they killed the princess, I’d never be able to prove my innocence! %char2%! Y…Yes! Ah… %char2% struggled to her feet, but then all her strength gave out and she fell to the ground again, her legs just as entangled as before. I don’t… I can’t… I can’t get up! I have no energy! %char2% started glowing, and turned into her human form. What are you doing?! I’m not doing it! I transformed automatically! What? How could that be? The only idea I had involved %char6%’s hoop… Check it out. I had an alchemist make it. It will make it so that %char2% will be a little angel forever. As long as she’s in that hoop, I don’t think she’ll be able to attack me anymore. Ugh! Let me go! %char6% walked over to %char2%, where she was struggling to stand. He pulled her to her feet and showed her to us. That alchemist did a good job. He was even able to seal away her magical powers. Damn, I’d thought that %char2% could get us out of there with her speed. That wasn’t looking likely anymore. How was I supposed to know that they had the power to transform %char2% and then suppress all her power? And what was with that stupid hoop?! Did he really want %char2% that badly? But yeah, I guess he was going on and on about little angels back in town. He must have had that hoop made specifically so that he could catch %char2%. And to think he’d get a chance to use it so quickly and in a situation like this? What the hell was going on? Regardless, %char2%’s legs were out of commission, so we weren’t going to be escaping on them. %char2%! Mel! The two girls were yelling and reaching for each other. But their fingers were not able to touch, I kind of like rambunctious little princesses. Don’t worry, if you come with    us, you can be with %char2%. Ugh! He really thought he was on top of things, didn’t he? What an idiot! Why didn’t he understand that he was basically sentencing both of them to death? Hey… Um… What are you doing? Sword and Bow Heroes! Hurry and arrest the Shield Hero! But… Ren and %char5% hadn’t responded to what was happening yet. They were frozen in place. If they jumped in and attacked now, it would all be over. The whole lot of them were obsessed with their own ideas of justice. They’d just seen us try to flee, only to be stopped by %char6%. On top of that, %char6% had taken a hostage to control our actions. That wasn’t the sort of situation they would throw themselves into. But what would they do? I couldn’t begin to venture a guess. What should we do? They had %char2%, so I couldn’t try running. The Bitch was standing just behind %char6%. Who knew what she was capable of? Wait! I’m going to save you %char2%! You idiot! I am the source of all power. Hear my words and heed them! Slice the enemy with a blade of water! Zweite Aqua Shot! Mel ran straight for %char6% and cast the spell as she ran. Ha! %char6% jumped to the side just in time to dodge the blade of water. Ugh! Let me go! When %char6% jumped to dodge Mel’s attach, %char2% managed to wiggle free from his grip. Yes! I was thrilled when %char2% wiggled free, but just then, as if to make up for his loss, %char6%’s hand shot out and closed around Mel’s neck, taking her hostage instead. He passed her over to the Bitch. %char3%! That’s your precious sister. You better protect her! Mel! %char2%! Let me go! Sister! %char2% reached for Mel, but before she could reach her %char6% made to grab %char2%’s hand again. I pulled %char2% back just in time. I can’t let you go, %char7%. The Shield Demon is manipulating you. I’ll clear    you of that brainwashing influence. Now! Shield Prison! I immediately switched to the Shield of Rage II and used the skill on %char6%. Wh… Not yet… I had to control my anger… Change Shield (attack)! I changed the Shield Prison into my best attacking shield, the Bee Needle Shield. That’s as far as this is going! Take this! Iron Maiden! I used all my SP in a last attempt to turn the tide and take %char6% down. Honestly, I would have preferred to use it against the Bitch, but I couldn’t. If I could stop %char6% with the skill, it would be worth it. It might be strong enough. It won’t be that easy! Shooting Star Sword! I knew you were evil! Shooting Star Bow! Whoa! Ren and %char5% both turned and used their strongest skills against the Iron maiden. There was a loud crack, and a fissure appeared in the Iron Maiden. The closing door slowed down. Everyone! Now! Break it now! Yes! Ren! Understood, %char5%! %char6%, we’ll save you! Ren, %char5%, and %char6%’s party members all sent their strongest attacks and spells flying at the iron maiden. There was a loud, dull clang. And then the iron maiden crumbled to dust. Damn. I was out of SP from my last attack. Th… Thank you, everyone! %char6% had taken some damage from the Bee Needle Shield attack, but he smiled now, discovering himself free from the Iron Maiden. Can’t have you forgetting about us. Yes. We’ve saved the princess. The citizens of our country will want her brainwashing removed as soon as possible. Ren and %char5% had jumped to %char6%’s aid. On top of that, the Bitch had taken Mel hostage. If we didn’t free her immediately, they would have her killed. I’d forgotten. Whenever I switched to the Shield of Rage II, %char2% went crazy.    But with %char2% in human form, nothing had happened. Why? I suddenly noticed my shield emitting a red… something. It flew at %char2%, but bounced off of her.I wonder if that hoop was somehow deflecting any assist spells or stat boosts? Her movement was probably restricted by protective magic, which had the side effect of blocking my spell. If %char2% went wild, we wouldn’t be able to control her, and that would make fighting with the Shield of Rage II difficult. %char1%! Can you get rid of that hoop around %char2%? If we were able to get it off, I planned to switch to another shield as soon as possible. I’m working on it now! It’s tough! %char1% was striking the hoop with her sword, and it filled the area with sparks and clanging. She didn’t seem to be making much progress. How strong did they really need to make that hoop? She was hitting it really hard. What to do? I was out of SP, so I couldn’t use any skills. %char2% was stuck in human form. All that was left was %char1%, but with her sword and magic alone, she wouldn’t be able to turn the tide of battle. Master! What?! They won’t catch me again! That’s easy to say—they already caught you once! I’m fine! %char2% reached under one of her little wings and pulled out the present that the weapon shop owner had intended for me, the power gloves. That’s right, they were convenient tools for harnessing superhuman strength. %char2% pulled both of the gloves onto her hands, and then crossed her arms. I could tell that she was concentrating. It’s MY turn to save YOU, Mel! What are those gloves? You think you can overpower me with gloves? Oh %char2%, you’re so cute! Better just put them away. I’m not losing! Ah, %char2%! I threw out an arm to stop her, but she had already swung a solid punch at %char6%. Ugh…    %char6% had his arms out, reaching to grab %char2% again, but that left his stomach wide open, and she slammed her fist into it. He doubled over and fell to his knees. This… This isn’t… nothing. Hiya! Let Mel go! Hiya! I… I won’t… He stumbled to his feet and backed away. %char2%! Calm down and get back here! Okay! %char2% came back over to us after she pummeled %char6%. Do you think you can take those guys out? Watch me! Great. You take %char6%, %char1% and I will take care of the other two. If anyone has a chance to free the princess—take it. At the end of the day, %char6% was a feminist—so he wouldn’t raise a hand against %char2%, even if she was crazy. Mr. %Name%. What is it? I have an idea. Do you think you can draw the attention of the enemy? You have a plan? Yes… Hm… So %char1% wanted to try something, but what? Got it. She wanted to hide and then sneak around behind them. She was good at that. That must be what she was after. Okay. I’ll do what I can. Let’s go! Let’s do it. Okaaay! Here we go! Even still, there was no way we could win against the three heroes. But that wasn’t my plan anyway. There was still a way for us to escape. %char1%, keep your distance. Okay. Let’s go! HIYAAAAAAAAAAA! %char2% led the charge. Just like I’d told her, she ran straight for %char6%. But this time he knew she was coming, and he readied his spear. I was sure he wouldn’t stab her with it. Now then %char7%, I’m going to ask you to take a little nap.    The Bitch pulled out a small package of medicine and made the younger princess smell it. Anyone from another world who had experience with Japanese anime or dramas would recognize it as a medicine that knocks you out. But I had been here for a while. I knew what the Bitch was like, so that medicine was more likely to just kill Mel. %char2%! Help! Mel! I could feel, physically feel, %char2% gathering her magical power into the gloves. Haikuikku! She looked like she blurred for a second, and then, in a flash, she was right in front of %char6%, and she was swinging her fist. The gloves looked different. She’d filled them with so much magic that they were glowing pale, and had magical claws growing from them. How did that happen? Did the magic somehow crystalize and harden? Ugh! What was that?!Her attack is so high! Stop it! %char2%, stop it! %char6% was forced to defend. The claws on the power gloves were hitting their mark each time she swung a fist. If she could beat %char6% back like that, her attack power must have been through the roof. Hiya! Take that! Hya! %char2% was strongest in her %char2%lial Queen form, but with the way she was fighting now, in those gloves, she must have had nearly the same attack power or more? Because she had someone to fight for she would fight with all her magical power. Her legs were constrained by the hoop, but she could still harness her magic. I was concentrating on Ren and %char5%, but stealing glances at %char6%. Even though I was their target, they knew their attacks wouldn’t be really effective against me, and it looked like they weren’t making much of an effort. Ren, actually, had his head cocked to the side as he considered the situation. He was just watching. %char5% was convinced that I was his enemy, but he wasn’t rushing over to attack me. I thought for sure he would fire some volleys to protect %char6%— but thinking over it now, both of them had a strong sense of justice. They won’t want to intrude on one-on-one combat. That wouldn’t feel just to them. They must have decided to jump in and stop my Iron Maiden because of the    risk that it might have killed %char6% or something like that. There must have been a way to use the situation to our advantage. I had to keep them focused on me, not %char1%. I made sure not to look in her direction and slowly backed away to keep them following me. The time for escape was still a ways off. But if I could get them to focus on me… I figured out how to use these! %char2% held the claws out and crossed them. Torna… Sorry! You left me no choice, %char2%. This will hurt a little. %char6% readied his spear, pointed it at %char2%, and prepared to use a skill. Chaos Spear! Ugh! %char2% kept her claws out and flew at the enemy. When she had almost reached him, she started to spin, and ran right into him. Wh… %char2% had spun right through his rain of spears, connected with her claws, and sent him flying. Now she was heading for the Bitch. Yaaaaaaahh! The Bitch was desperately trying to make Mel sniff the medicine before %char2% could get to them. But she was too slow. As %char2% approached she let go of Mel in an effort to protect herself. Mel! %char2% stopped spinning and scooped up Mel’s hand in one motion, and then the two of them took off running. Ugh… %char6% had fallen heavily to the ground. Now he struggled to his feet and looked over at %char2% and Mel. Back away, Mel. I’m going to take out this spear guy, then you and me are running.     Okay. %char2% turned back to %char6% and readied her claws. This was the start of a new fight. Where it had been a one-on-one between %char2% and %char6%, now the Bitch helped %char6% and Mel helped %char2%. The rest of us were watching, and suddenly the fight was on. You can do it, %char2%! All Zweite Aqua Shot! We don’t need a baby who thinks she is better than her older sister! Zweite Hellfire! The Bitch and Mel were flinging spells at each other. Stupid Bitch. What was she talking about? She was last in line for the throne but messing with her sister? Fine then, if this was a fight for succession, I knew who I was backing. That Bitch wasn’t fit to sit on a throne. Zweite Earth Hammer! Zweite Fire Arrow! But the other party members of the heroes were worse than we could have expected. Instead of aiming their attacks at %char2%, they were heading for Mel. What are you doing?! Ren jumped in and beat back the magic that was flying at Mel. Are you trying to kill the princess we’ve been charged to protect?! Even if she is brainwashed, we still need to protect her! Think about her level! That’s right. The younger princess was who Ren, %char5%, and %char6% were supposed to protect. The Bitch might have wanted to murder her little sister, but the heroes wouldn’t want that to happen. This was our chance. I could win them over to our side. But the princess has already been brainwashed by the Shield Hero. She won’t be able to control herself. Even still, if you don’t hold back you’ll kill her! She’s obviously not trying to attack us! The princess’s magic was clearly a threat and nothing more, as every spell slipped right between %char2% and %char6%. There was plenty of room for them to avoid it. It actually looked like the Bitch and her friends were using their magic directly against the princess—like they were trying to kill her. It was so obvious that even Ren had seen through it. You know that her level isn’t very high! If you hit her with that magic she will die!    I feel like the Bitch was probably well aware of Mel’s level. Didn’t they understand that she was TRYING to kill her? That… That’s true… The Bitch turned away in frustration. She sighed, then nodded. Ren, %char5%. She wants the princess dead. Can’t you see that? What?! %char3% is second in line for the throne, the younger princess is the current heiress. I’m sure you can figure the rest out. Don’t listen to his lies! Bow Hero! Sword Hero! What are you rushing for? You know it’s true. Just ask your party members. Ren and %char5% were visibly shaken. The Bitch was acting so crazy it should have been apparent to anyone. Maybe they were swayed by my confidence? Whatever. It actually was TRUE—if they looked into it they’d figure it out soon enough. That’s how he brainwashes people! Don’t listen to him! What an annoying excuse. She’s right! Die! Shield Hero! One of %char5%’s party members was clad in gaudy armor. He swung an axe at me. That’s just what I was waiting for! Hiyaaaaaa! Take that! Die! Shield Demon! I used my shield to stop his attack. Now! Attack while his guard is down! Okay! Don’t attack! Yes, don’t! You must be careful, they are dangerous! Ren and %char5%’s party members ignored their order to stop, and they all rushed us at once. They formed a large group and came at us all at once—but they weren’t used to fighting together. This was our chance! The lot of them thought that I had no way to counterattack—but they were wrong. I used self curse burning, centered on myself, and burned the whole area. ARGH!!!! Hiyaaaa! Wh…What?! %char5% was stunned to silence. He was staring at us.    Ren jumped in and bat away a magical attack that had been aimed at the princess. He tried to counterattack, but he was too slow, and ended up missing. Ugh… My body… Everyone, including the guy in the armor, had fallen to the ground. They couldn’t get to their feet. Don’t think I can’t fight back. This shield has plenty of power. Ugh… Ren sheathed his sword and groaned. %char5% did the same. They turned to their party members and starting casting healing magic on them. Too bad. The self curse burning had cursed them—that would make it hard to heal them. But watching their parties suffer hadn’t won me Ren or %char5%’s sympathies. Further negotiations would be difficult. Hand Red Sword! Arrow Rain! Ren and %char5% both turned and sent attacks flying at me. When Ren called Hand Red Sword, a number of swords appeared in the sky, then they began to fall on me. At the same time %char5% drew the string on his bow and aimed it high into the sky. When he released the string, arrows of light began to fall all around us. Both were ranged attacks. Ugh… I quickly covered my head with the shield and blocked the falling swords and arrows. Damn. It really hurt. I could feel my nerves tense with pain. That must be it. Yeah, I think so too. That power of his wasn’t in the game, but it only make sense that it would work that way. Melee attack counter They were right. Self curse burning looked like the perfect attack, but it only activated in response to melee attacks. Once they figured that out, the Shield of Rage II was only half as useful. Just knowing that I had an automatic counter attack that would hurt them was enough to prevent them from attacking us. But if they had figured out how to get around it, then they could just attack me from a distance until I fell. If they’d figured it out, then the battle had just gotten even worse. I couldn’t just keep the Shield of Rage II equipped and hope to win. If the situation was going to continue worsening then I would have to switch to another shield.    Which meant that they should just wait for the time to… No. I didn’t know how long I could keep the Shield of Rage II equipped, so there was no need to follow that train of thought. I didn’t have to lay my cards out on the table—tricking them was a good strategy. What’s wrong? You guys realize that I can handle any attacks you throw at me, right? I bet you’re lying. Yeah, if we all attack at once I’m sure it will be effective. Not to mention all the knights gathering just down the road. Damn! It wasn’t looking like they would fall for it. But that’s not what I was really after. He can’t counter any of my attacks! Eagle Piercing Shot! %char5% fired an arrow at me, and as it flew it changed shape to resemble an eagle. I focused on the eagle-shaped energy shot, and was able to see the arrows inside of it. It was flying straight and fast—very fast. Based on the name of the attack, it seemed safe to assume it was a piercing attack. I’d played my share of online RPGs, so I was pretty familiar with bow attacks. Piercing meant that it would shoot straight through, leaving a hole. If his skill was an arrow that was capable of a piercing attack, it probably meant that I wasn’t going to be able to stop it with my shield. Which meant that if I was going to respond, I’d have to either run out of it’s range, or find some way to snatch it out of the air before it hit me. Could I do it? It would be dangerous. I concentrated. I focused on the flying eagle of energy, reached out and brushed its head. Then my fingers found its neck. I closed my fist around the neck and stopped it. What?! He just grabbed my Eagle Piercing Shot?! %char5% shouted. He was clearly surprised by my response. The energy eagle, surprisingly enough, wasn’t very strong. I squeezed it and it crumbled. There, I stopped it. Ren, think about it. You know this fight isn’t right. How so? All these people are overly antagonistic towards me. And they are using an imaginary brainwashing shield to justify their actions. If the Shield Hero had a weapon like that, then you should all have one too, no? … Yes. I’d talk them down, and then have them leave. As for the Bitch—if the heroes weren’t backing her up, she’d have no    choice but to retreat. Or so I thought. The Bitch quickly summoned a ball of light and sent it rocketing skyward. I’ve called for reinforcements! The country’s soldiers will be here any minute! Damn. They were really closing in now. Hiya! Take that! Boom! Ugh… %char2% threw a flurry of punches at %char6%. She almost looked like she was dancing. She was spinning in tight circles and hitting him with her spinning claws. He was completely at her mercy. I was surprised at how well she could fight in her human form. I had been hoping to win Ren and %char5% over to our side, but was that even possible anymore? I didn’t have time to worry about it. The soldiers had arrived. Finally! Here is the Shield Hero that abducted the princess! Kill him! Yes! The soldiers readied their bows and attacked from a distance. Wait! I’m not done explaining. Before I could finish, the arrows began to rain down around us. There were magical fire arrows among them. I was standing off on my own. I don’t know if they manipulated the arrows with wind magic or something, but they were all flying straight for me. The soldiers were not as powerful as the heroes, but they were still plenty dangerous. %char3%! We’re still talking! No, Mr. Ren. You should not listen to the Shield! He’ll use the Brain Washing Shield to control you! That Bitch, she never gave up! She could say whatever she wanted, she wasn’t fooling me. Even now she was trying to shoot spells at Mel. It was all clear as day. The party members were acting strange. It was like they were being held in place by magic. What was going on? I could feel a powerful, oppressive force nearby. Something much more powerful than everyday magic. Take this! This will end it! The Bitch, and the soldiers around her, finished chanting a spell, but she didn’t send it flying at me. She attacked the princess.    Group Magic. A huge ball of fire appeared in the sky. If it fell on the princess, she’d die for sure! But then… I’m sorry. I cannot allow that. From behind, and right through the Bitch’s shoulder, the blade of a sword appeared.       The Bitch swayed, and %char1% stepped out from behind her. As I distracted them, she had apparently used magic. Her timing was perfect. We were in the middle of a crisis. Did this fix it? Y…You! Do you have any idea who you just stabbed? The Bitch was inflamed. Demon-like, she shouted at %char1%. Ms. %char3%! Are you all right?! Wait. Ren! Ugh! Ren flew over to the Bitch and locked swords with %char1%. I tried to run over also, but the rain of arrows and magic kept me back. The sword was still stuck in the Bitch. It must have gone in the wrong way, as %char1% couldn’t pull it out. Once she realized it wasn’t coming out, %char1% immediately switched to her backup sword. What are you doing?! You are all teaming up to attack Mr. %Name%! I have to stop you! That doesn’t matter! The clattering of the swords against one another filled the area. Ren had more experience with the sword. He parried and knocked %char1% back. This wasn’t good. She was practically unarmed. %char2% was still fighting with %char6%, and the princess was busy supporting her. Little by little, Ren and %char5%’s party members were sneaking closer to the princess. This wasn’t good at all. Desperate, %char1% reached for the magic sword the weapon shop guy had given her. She pulled it from the sheath and it released with a pop. The hilt was empty—there was no blade. Ahaha! What do you have there? How cute! The Bitch had been healed with magic by now. She pointed a finger at %char1% and laughed. But Ren and %char5% had a very different reaction. The sword doesn’t have a blade? Everyone, be careful! Okay! Wh… What’s happening?! Ren’s party members were confused. That might be a magic sword. It can form a blade from the user’s magic power. It might be very dangerous. He’s right. I don’t know where she could have come across such a    thing… Thinking back on it, the old guy at the weapon shop had given us a note that said something similar. After we read his note, I couldn’t just ignore what he’d said. It had to mean something. So I did a little experimenting. %char1% whispered, and she wrapped her fingers around the hilt, holding it tight. When she clamped down on the handle, a blinding light shot from it. The Bitch looked upset. Here I come! %char1% pointed the sword forward, then ran for Ren and the Bitch. Damn! Shooting Star Sword! Ren used his best skill. Shooting Star Sword was a skill that shot stars from the arc of his sword swing. I imagine that if it hit the target directly, it was very strong. Even still, Ren wasn’t fighting with all his strength. He was fighting to stop us. He would probably hold back. Even if he held back, if he connected with %char1% it would probably do fatal damage. What could I do?! If I went over to help, I’d draw the soldier’s attacks toward %char1%, But %char1% dodged the stream of stars and moved in. You’re moves lack conviction! Ugh…     Ren wasn’t sure where he stood in the fight, and it was affecting his attack strategy. %char1% dodged his sword, and her own sword flashed. Ren looked suddenly dizzy. He held his head in his hands and stumbled toward %char1%. Then he fell to his knees. Now I understand. He gave me this sword to cut things that aren’t physical. So when you cut a person with it, this is what happens. %char1% seemed to understand something. She turned from the fallen Ren and ran for the Bitch. You think a criminal like you can stand before the likes of me?! The Bitch readied her sword and swung it at %char1%. Please be QUIET! %char1%’s blade disappeared just in time to avoid clashing with the Bitch’s. It would not be a duel. %char1% pivoted, turned, and let the Bitch’s sword skirt by her, missing her by a hair. The magic sword’s blade reappeared, and slid forward effortlessly, straight through the Bitch’s chest. AHHHHHHHHHHHH! The Bitch screamed. Then, as if she had fainted, she dropped her sword and fell forward against %char1%. %char1% used her foot to flick her own sword up into her hand. Then, using the Bitch as a shield, she turned towards Ren. %char3%! %char3%! Ren and %char5%, then %char6%, all shouted. Sword Hero? I’m sure you realize this, but she is not dead. I’ve simply put her to sleep for a moment. %char1% held her sword against the Bitch as a threat. Do you think you could listen to all Mr. %Name%has to say? B…But… Release your hostage! If you do not, you will be in danger. You had better stay back from %Name%! %char5% screamed, but %char1% regarded him coldly. You’d say that after taking %char2% hostage? He took %char7% hostage too. And you’d believe all that on a flimsy story about a supposed Brain Washing Shield? Um… And besides, can’t you see? Mr. %Name%can’t move right now. With the Bitch unconscious, the tables seemed to have turned. I still    couldn’t risk getting too close to %char1% though. The reason was the relentless rain of arrows and magic falling all around me. Stop that right now! Ren shouted to the soldiers, but they didn’t seem to be listening. Please stop! Commander, please! No! You call yourself soldiers of Melromarc?! Oh, hey! You’re the one that fought with the Shield Demon! The soldier that had called out for the Commander to stop was one of the soldiers who’d helped me during the last wave. Take your punishment now! Everything happened in slow motion. Slowly but absolutely, a sword was slicing through the air straight at the soldier that spoke up for me. It was just like with the younger princess. I was lucky enough to have saved her, but this time I was too far away. I couldn’t make it in time. Stop! The Commander swinging his sword at a subordinate set me off. I couldn’t control my emotions anymore. I felt like I might explode. Just then, the little tool the weapon shop owner had given me, the cover for my shield’s jewel, cracked and fell. Whoa! I didn’t know what was happening, but I was aware of a great volume of light expanding around me. What was it? It was a circle of light centered on myself, about three meters across. It was pretty big. What… The attacks raining down from the soldiers could not penetrate the light. They clattered off of it and broke, ricocheting. Whoa! The sparks and flying ricocheted attacks rained down on Ren and the other heroes—including their parties. Luckily, the sparks avoided anyone associated with my party. %char1%, %char2%, the princess, and the soldiers were not harmed. The broken shards fell on the enemies, blackened chunks. But then they began to burn. There were so many of them, scattered so randomly, that no one could get away from them. The tool the old guy had given me must have reacted to my shield. The black flames suggested that it had instilled my shield with a counterattack based    on the Shield of Rage II. That was the only explanation I could think of anyway. Wh… U… Ren and %char5% were both suffering from the flames. The only one who could still fight was %char6%, and he was locked in combat with %char2%. Hiya! Everyone! Damn! %Name%! Don’t you run! %char6% understood that the situation had turned against him. He stepped away from %char2%. Everyone regroup! Okay! C’mon, Mel! Okay! What unexpected good luck. This was our chance to escape. But %char6% was still up and kicking. How could we get away from him? %char2% was still stuck in human form because of that hoop. We couldn’t get away on her. And it wasn’t like Ren and %char5% weren’t capable of fighting anymore. The black flames had burned them, but that was just a surface wound. Let %char3% go! %char6% threw a spear at %char1%, who was still using %char3% as a shield. I don’t think so. Mr. %Name%. I was in front of %char6% in a flash, but just before %char1% could swing back and maneuver behind me, she lost her grip on the Bitch. %char6%’s gaze immediately went to the Bitch. She’d been our major advantage, and now we’d lost that. I reached out to see if I could grab her again… %char3%! But %char6% had already swept her into his arms. Damn. She was out of our hands. Our situation had grown steadily worse since we ran into everyone. We couldn’t fight much longer. Honestly, if we tried we’d lose. I was thinking it over when something rolled up against my foot. A bomb? I immediately raised my shield to block the blast, but the bomb just emitted a stream of smoke with a soft hiss. Uh… Wh… The whole area filled with smoke, and we couldn’t see anything. I took a    single step, and couldn’t tell anyone apart anymore. With everyone in such close quarters, how were we supposed to tell friend from foe? This way, Zir. That voice! Shield Hero, follow the voice. Mel called out to me. Is it okay? I think so. Just in case, have %char1% use her illusion magic! All right! Mel was leading me along, I ran behind her. Wait! Where did you go?! Before we escaped, I called out to Ren. Ren, I’m sure you understand all this. After using all this force, can you really say that I’m the criminal here? … I’m using wind magic! Anyone else who can use it—help me! Wait, %char5%. What is it? Now we should… %char5% was about to use wind magic to clear away the smoke. It sounded like Ren was trying to stop him. Would we make it? I didn’t know, but we all ran after the voice. When the smoke cleared, we had put a lot of distance between Ren and ourselves. And just in case, %char1% had cast magic back there. They were still looking for us. That meant… Zir, better use this cloak too. The mystery voice spoke and threw a cloth over me. Will we make it? Quiet… Let’s get moving—quietly. Mel took %char2%’s hand and ran of silently. We followed after them. And so we were able to escape from the heroes. A short while later, the force field around me vanished. In the end it was clear that we had only been able to escape because of the gifts the old guy had left us. This wouldn’t be the last time though. How would we escape next time? The heroes weren’t stupid. They would learn from this and come up with a new plan. And yet, it looked like Ren was starting to suspect that things weren’t as they’d seemed. I had to hold out hope for that.    Anyway, it wasn’t any time to dwell on things. We needed to focus on running.       Zir. We’ve made it this far. We should be zafe for now. I flung off the cloak and got a look at the owner of the mystery voice. And it was one of the villagers from the neighboring kingdom that we’d spoken too at the border. It was one of the people that hadn’t spoken. You…? I felt like it couldn’t be the same person. Remember how we talked about the doppelgänger that had dressed as my mother? Um… yeah… This is that person. This is our first meeting, Zir. Have you recognized me because of princess %char7%’s explanation? I hope so, Zir. Otherwise I have failed as a shadow. I think you’re saying that wrong. It is a command of the princess, so I have no choice, Zir. Let’s end the inside jokes already—speak up. Why did you save us? Who are you? What do you want? I am a member of Melromarc’s zecret zervice. I am a shadow. That is why I helped you. Also, I have no name of my own. If you must call me something, Zir, please call me Shadow. Shadow… Was he trying to look cool? I remembered meeting one of them before. It was back in Riyute, when I’d raced %char6%. There must have been some difference between the way I thought, having come from another world, and the way natives of this world thought. If I started to number them all, the list would be huge—so I just put that out of mind for the time being. Why did you save us? That was what I wanted to know the most. I could think of a few reasons, but none of them stood out as most likely. I cannot answer that, Zir. How secretive. If I must explain, I can zay that it is my job to protect Princess %char7%. That doesn’t explain much. If that had been the reason, he would have jumped in to help when %char7% started fighting. I knew that the Shield Hero would protect her then—that is why I didn’t    appear. You… That battle was looking quite dangerous near the end, but we were able to escape safely. I believe this is because the other Heroes harbored doubts about their own missions. So basically, he know what was going on, and just watched as it all happened. He must have been very capable. Furthermore, I have arrived so that I might deliver news of the queen’s whereabouts to the princess and to the Shield Hero. Shadow showed us a map, and he pointed to a country in the southwest corner. It was in the exact opposite direction of Siltvelt. The queen is presently in this country. It is in the opposite direction of the demi-human country where you wish to find zanctuary. It is very far, and therefore your preparations are not enough to get you there. You will need protection. Well… I had started to suspect it, but now it was clear that everyone had guessed where we were going. The only reason I could think of was that the demi-humans believed in the Shield Hero—the opposite of the church in Melromarc. Had I managed to escape and get sanctuary there, it would have been very bad for the church and the Trash. Naturally, I would have loved to piss them off by getting into the demihuman kingdom, but considering the heavy patrol of the border, that option was now essentially impossible. It would take %char2% two weeks to get there, and if the other heroes cut us off and got there first then we would never get through. Not to mention that they had even anticipated %char2% and her power—they even made a special loop to keep her out of the fight. Still, even if it required a long detour, I still wanted to go. The motives for your current troubles are deep rooted. If it is possible, I’d like the other Heroes to assist us. What’s that supposed to mean? The Church of the Three Heroes is clearly weakened by all that you’ve been doing, Zir. That is why they are going to such lengths. Weakened? They sure don’t seem weakened to me. Just wait to see what happens when the public finds out about the plan to kill princess %char7%. It was true that we’d managed to get as far as we had because many people    had stepped forward to help us. Did it mean that the populace was losing faith in the church’s teachings? See? Father wasn’t behind this. This shadow might be lying to us. Don’t just believe whatever he says. I had to warn her, but I was still interested in hearing whatever he could tell us. Let’s just say that I believe you for the moment. That would explain why they are trying to force this ridiculous brainwashing story on everyone. What could I have done to bother them? Selling medicine, helping villagers here and there. Could that really be it? Ironically, the biggest problem for them might be that I was cleaning up the messes the other heroes had left behind. If they had a faith built on worshiping all the heroes besides the shield, then my actions actually might cause them trouble. It would shake the people’s faith. If they could convince everyone that I’d pulled all this off through manipulation and brainwashing, then they could restore people’s faith in their teachings. On the other hand, if I was able to prove my innocence, that would strike a fatal blow to their good reputation among the people. What will you do, Zir? Do you want to continue on to Siltvelt and gain zanctuary there? Well… I couldn’t just hand the responsibility over to somewhere else and live out my days in peace. If Siltvelt and Melromarc went to war it wouldn’t save me either—the next wave would come, and I’d just end up teleported into the midst of my enemies again. That wouldn’t be good at all. And think about it—these were the people that had put me in this position in the first place. The Bitch was probably working for the church. According to the young princess, the Trash wasn’t though. That meant that I probably shouldn’t just run for sanctuary, ask for help, and launch a counterattack. It would make more sense to use the people that had already proven they believed in me. If everything went well, we’d save a few days too. And yet… Let’s say I meet with the queen. What’s in it for you? We might end up destroying the church. I cannot tell you that, Zir. So the shadow would only give me information about the queen. He didn’t plan on telling me what to do after that. But there was no doubt in my mind that he worked for the queen. He was connected with the princess and worked for the queen. So it was    safe to assume he was acting on behalf of the queen. That meant that the queen must think that meeting me would help her somehow. Honestly I couldn’t figure out what the queen wanted. From what the princess had said, it seemed like her highest priority was avoiding war with the neighboring kingdoms. Furthermore, if she wanted to go out of her way to help me even though her own country had deeply-rooted beliefs against the Shield Demon, she must have taken the threat of the waves very seriously. Shadow had said that she wanted their assistance. The queen’s plans were not in line with the church’s. Well, one thing I felt safe to assume was that the queen was not my enemy. Whether or not she was my friend, I didn’t know. But she might be our best option in this situation. Just once. What do you mean, Zir? You saved us back there. So I’ll believe you, just this once. We just need to meet with the queen? If she could put an end to this whole debacle, I’d have to trust her. I really don’t like the idea of being led around—but it’s probably our best option here. If you betray us… I understand. Very well, I bid you farewell. After all, we don’t know when the church’s shadows will arrive. The church has them too? We are not a monolithic organization. So please be careful. How can I do that? Shield Hero, you are full of doubts—they will save you. Say you meet someone who speaks as I do. Would you just believe them? He was right. I’d still be suspicious if we met again. Now then, farewell. He said goodbye and vanished in an instant. He talked weird, but he seemed to be good at his job. Think we can trust him? Honestly, I didn’t know. Yes. Mother trusts him. I don’t know much about the queen. The queen apparently thought very differently than the Trash or the Bitch— but I didn’t know what she was actually thinking. Everything that Mel and Shadow had said made her look like my friend, but I still couldn’t figure out her goal. The worst part was that I couldn’t ignore the possibility that she was in    league with the church in the plan to assassinate the princess. If it was all part of the queen’s plan to have me killed, then I was already out of options. If we all turned back and headed away from Siltvelt, then she’d have us all rounded up. I didn’t want to believe it, but she might be after the princess’s life too. I had to find out what she was after. If I could just figure out where she stood in all this, I’d know what I needed to do also. Anyway, at least we know where we are going. Yes. Let’s go. Yes. Let’s get going. %char2% At the very least, we knew what to do now. That put us one step ahead of where we’d been when we were trying to figure out how to cross the border. We turned to the Southwest and started walking. Yeah, but I’m kinda tired. My hands hurt, and I used up all my magic. %char2% sat down, exhausted. She needed to rest. She’s right. And besides, we left our carriage and all our things back there. We didn’t have a choice. All we had left was our money, a little bit of goods, and a knife I could use for cooking. But we’d even lost %char1%’s equipment. Even worse, %char2% was stuck in human form. How were we supposed to get rid of that hoop? %char1%, can you think of a way to get that hoop off? I can try. %char1% wrapped her fingers around the hoop and tried to pry it off. But it didn’t show any signs of budging. It’s pretty tough. I was getting worried. I couldn’t let that show on my face. I’ll try too. The princess stepped forward. I wonder if magic would work? I remembered that my own world had something called a water cutter. It was a machine that used water pressure to cut through things. I was thinking about it, trying to remember how it worked. Mel was fidgeting with the hoop. I can’t do it, it’s too tough. I think we’d need an alchemist or an itemmaker to take it off. No! %char2% made a grumpy face. That was fair. She probably hated being stuck in human form. She couldn’t    use all her powers that way. An item maker? Yes. I think it might be sealed with magic—in which case no key would take it off. An item maker… %char1% looked over at me. What did she want? I guess I could do a little, basic item work. Mr. %Name%, you’re good with handicrafts. Would you mind trying? I can do a little, but I don’t know how to unlock things. I had a little wire for working with items. I could try. Turning the hoop in my hands, I found a small hole that looked like it might be a lock. I stuck the wire into it. If I managed to unlock it, I wonder if it would open up some handicraft skill? I decided to try to focus my magic power on it. Huh? Something was responding to the magic. The item dealer we’d travelled with had taught me a trick about using both at the same time. I flicked the wire back and forth. It seemed to be locked with a sophisticated mechanism—though I felt like I could break it with force. Or, if I just broke it I might not be able to ever get it off. But if I could lower the quality of it, I might be able to render its inhibiting effect on %char2% null. I went ahead and applied magic to the wire and then rattled the wire inside the hoop. There was a loud click, and the hoop began to degrade. It was like an anime in which they used electric stun guns to break an electric lock. Ah. With a dramatic puff %char2% transformed back into her %char2%lial queen form. Think you can just do the rest by force? Sure! %char2% used her free leg, and one wing, to get a grip on the hoop. Pulling with a lot of strength, the hoop began to stretch. That is one violent way to get it off. Oh shut up. You can’t get it off with a dainty touch. Thank you, Master! Be careful from now on. %char6% will be better prepared next time. It took a lot of intricate work to get the hoop off. We wouldn’t be able to do it in the middle of battle. Okay! And so we headed to the southeast as secretly as possible. I don’t know if I’d managed to convince them, but there was no sign that Ren or %char5% were following us. Either that, or they might be on the lookout for    us somewhere down the road. Even still—brainwashing? They couldn’t be that stupid. I probably had more to worry about from %char6%. Regardless, it was nice that the strongest hero, Ren, and the range-attacking %char5%, weren’t around. %char2% could take care of %char6%, and as long as the princess was with us, they wouldn’t attack directly. Even still, we had a mountain of problems to tackle. What to do… We started discussing our options.    Epilogue: Name   We were progressing on our journey to the southwest. We didn’t have a carriage, so we all had to ride on %char2%. It got old really fast. Should we steal a carriage somewhere? We already had bounty hunters after us. What was one little carriage? NO! %char2% shouted in disagreement. If we have to steal a carriage, I don’t want to pull it! I guess %char2% was developing quite a sense of justice. Well, I don’t want to steal one either, but riding on you all the time gets tiring. What do you think, Princess? Hmm… The princess looked perplexed by my question. What was bothering her? It might be a little dangerous, but it might be best to send %char1% to a nearby village to buy one. That was probably a good idea. Or should we have asked Shadow for help? The sun is getting low in the sky. Let’s stop for a rest, shall we? Yeah! Oh… I’d agreed with her idea, but the princess was still looking at me with a scowl. What was wrong with her? %char2%’s stomach was audibly rumbling. I’m hungry! You eat so much, %char2%! Mel poked %char2% with her index finger. Heh, heh. I’m glad they were friends and all, but they were starting to act like a stupid couple. It was annoying. I finished making the campfire and moved on to dinner. Here you go, Princess. I finished making dinner and was handing a plate of it to the princess—but she was still scowling at me.    What was wrong with her? Mel, aren’t you going to eat too? Yes, but… She stole a glance at me then flicked her gaze away. She was worried about something. But what? What’s wrong? It’s nothing. When %char1% asked her what was wrong, she reached out and snatched the plate of dinner I’d been offering. What’s wrong with you, Mel? Um… Mel was acting strange enough that even %char2% was concerned now. You know I don’t have brainwashing powers, right? I know that! She quickly turned and looked away. Though honestly she wasn’t acting so weird—all things considered. She was playing with %char2%, and smiling and talking with %char1%. She was only acting upset with me. She ignored me. I had no idea what the problem was. Don’t say that. Huh? What is it, Princess? She was shaking, and she had muttered something. What did I say? Don’t call me ‘Princess’ anymore! She shouted. Her eyes were filled with tears. Why are you so upset? I have a name, you know! It’s %char7%! What? Why are you stating the obvious? I’m upset, Shield Hero, that you won’t call me by my name! You used to call me Mel! The princess must just be venting the stress from our long journey. She was scratching her head and acting hysterical. %char2% and %char1% were watching the princess freak out. They were clearly just as surprised as I was. I’ll tell you again! I have a name. It’s %char7%. But the Shield Hero keeps calling me ‘the younger princess!’ That’s my title, not my name! What? You wanted me to call you by your name? That’s not why I’m upset! Why do you treat me differently than everyone    else does?! Treat you differently? It’s not like you’ve been part of my party for very long! But I’m sharing in your successes and trials, aren’t I? Don’t call me by my title! And yet, you call me the ‘Shield Hero.’ The princess seemed to understand. Shield Hero isn’t my name, after all. Fine, I’m going to call you %Name%then. I’ll call you %Name%, so I expect you to call me %char7%! Oh man… See?! Say it, %Name%! Call me %char7%! I didn’t like the idea of acting all familiar. She was very polite with %char1%, but we have to act like we are really close all of a sudden? Still, I didn’t want her calling me Mister or anything. That would remind me of my time with the Bitch. She used to call me Mr. Shield Hero. If I tried to disagree now, she was sure to cause more trouble, and besides, she had helped us protect %char2% in the last fight. As far as I knew, she hadn’t lied to us either—and she had tried to reconcile the Trash with me, at least until the knights jumped in and messed it all up. Thinking back even further, she’d saved us way back when %char6% had caused a scene in the middle of town. She hadn’t lied, and apparently she hadn’t been trying to steal %char2% from us either. I had my doubts about believing anyone from this world, but if I was going to believe anyone, I guess I could believe in her. %char2% was naive and innocent, but she was a good judge of character. If %char2% believed in her, I guess I could try believing in her too. Okay, fine. %char7%. Is that better? Yeah! You better stick to it! Okay, okay. So she was going to freak out anytime I called her Princess? That could get annoying really fast. That was surprising. Sure, %char2% was crazy and loud, but she wasn’t hysterical. She only went nuts in a childish kind of way. Mel and %char2% were similar in that way, probably because they were around the same age.    Oh Princess %char7%, I didn’t know that you were so upset. %char1%, please stop calling me ‘Princess!’ Very well, Ms. %char7%. That’s better! I wonder how %char1% felt about that. She had started calling me by my name back when we fought the two-headed dog. I guess when we used our names, it was kind of proof that we’d grown close. %char1%, I’m glad you aren’t so picky. She was only a real handful in the beginning, but she had eventually come around. Unlike %char2%, she fought traditionally, with a sword. Since I was the Shield, we were really compatible. When we were selling things, she could run the shop. When we were on the run, she wore a disguise. She was always a big help. Is that a compliment? Sure. And I guess you’re being serious? she huffed. What’s wrong, Master? %char2% now? I didn’t like the idea of %char2% calling me by my name… %char2%, don’t use my name. Why?! He, he… %char2% is the odd one out! But why? Why? How come I’m the only one that can’t use your name?! Go ahead and try. %Name%! I didn’t even get a Mister? And she over-pronounced every syllable. It didn’t feel right. Yeah, I don’t think so. And can’t I get an honorific? Nanny, nanny, booboo! Okay %char2%, relax. But! %char7%’s right. %char2%, you just call me Master. You could call that ‘being left out,’ but on the flip side, it makes you special! Boo! Fine. I raised you, so how about ‘Papa?’ ‘Dad?’ ‘Father?’ Um… I don’t like that! Why? Fair enough, I didn’t like the idea of such a big thing calling me Papa, anyway.    I’d rather call you ‘Master’ than ‘Father!’ Right? Okay, then stick with that. I wonder if she had some kind of motivation for preferring one word to another? Whatever. %Name%. What?     Epilogue: As a Shield…   %char7% turned to me. Say my name again. Huh? Why, %char7%? She closed her eyes and listened closely when I said her name. It’s nothing. Weirdo. I was positively surrounded by crazy people. Even if she had thrown a fit, I decided to just chalk it up to a mood. What do you say we get to sleep early and get a fresh start tomorrow? These last few days, really ever since we met %char7% at the diseased village, it’s all been so busy. So much had happened. We’d almost died a few times. Lots of bad things had happened, but if our current travels were successful, then it would all be worth it. Plus I had another party member who believed in me. Honestly, I was glad. I was still shocked that I’d been able to trust the Bitch’s sister, though. If we trusted each other, we could prove my innocence. At the end of my journey, I felt like there was a little spark of hope. As for tonight, I would sleep soundly. I had to—I had friends that were relying on me.       My name is %char7% Melromarc. I am the second princess of Melromarc, and I am first in line of succession. In order to see more of the world, I’ve been traveling with my mother. My mother’s job is to travel around the world meeting with people to make sure that Melromarc never has to go to war. I’m supposed to learn how to do that job, so that is why I have been traveling with her. One day I was really excited because my mother was going to teach me something new about her job. A letter had arrived from my father, and when my mother opened it I had a pretty good idea of what kind of job she was going to give me. To be honest, I don’t hate my father at all—but I think he is kind of gross. I’d heard all sorts of legends about what a strong warrior he had been, but I grew up watching him fawn over my older sister. He gave her whatever she wanted, and it was hard to respect him after that. It was hard to believe the kind of man he had become. Still, he had a great military mind. You could tell when he played strategy games with mother. My mother would sit there scratching her head in thought, and he would just yawn—and win. My mother was not a weak player by any means. I’d never seen her lose to anyone besides him. No matter how hard I studied, I could never compare to the skills of my mother. Yet my father beat her easily. I loved my father. He cared about his family—but I simply cannot understand why he was always caving in and giving my sister whatever she wants. Speaking of strategy games—my sister was the least skilled among us. My father would hold back to let her win, which is fine. But when she played against others she would lie, cheat, and steal—anything to win. The strategy games have different names all around the world. The one we played was actually brought to Melromarc in the past by a Hero from another world. My mother said he called it chess. I wasn’t good at using pressure, or cheating. So what did my sister do to me? Whenever this piece is in trouble, there is a rule that lets me shuffle the position of the other pieces on the board.    Then she reached out and moved all the pieces into more advantageous positions. Even after that, I won. She flipped the board over in anger. It’s a special move! All the piece affiliations switch! And the same special move makes it my turn! I even let her do that. But then when it was my turn and I reached for a piece… This one can jump all the other pieces and go straight for the king! She said, slamming down a random piece where my king was. Okay, then it’s my turn to use that special move. Did she think that I wasn’t going to follow her own rules? Well… It’s my turn, isn’t it? Now then… I reached for the piece she said had the power, declared that I used the power, and then took the piece off of the board. … She was glaring at me with burning hatred. Did she think I was going to ignore the rules she made up? I’m the only one who can do that! I’m putting the piece back. Then this game is not fair. If you want to play that way, play with father. I stood up and left, and she picked up the board and threw it across the room. What was she thinking? The idea of the country falling into her hands was enough to make anyone nervous. Ok, back to my story. About two months ago our world was visited by a strange phenomenon called the Waves of Destruction. The first time it happened I was out traveling with my mother. Before we could go home, we were first supposed to attend an international conference about the waves. We were on our way to a country called Faubrey, for the conference. We were supposed to attend a panel about defending the country. Our ability to summon the Heroes gave us authority, and that was very useful in a diplomatic setting. So we discussed the ceremony for summoning the Heroes. In order to see how the ceremony was performed in different places, representatives of each country were to gather together and watch. The first summoning was to occur in Faubrey. But it ended in failure. The Heroes never arrived. Mother, why don’t they hold the conference after the Heroes have arrived?    Some things are too difficult to decide simply pragmatically, whether they be between people or between countries. All the countries would attempt the ceremony, and we were to participate, even if just a little. In the end it became clear that our own country, Melromarc, had performed the ceremony without notifying the other nations. The world was complicated and hostile enough before this happened. When Melromarc summoned the Heroes, it started a serious international dispute. Things were hard after that. Assassins were sent after my mother, and the conference fell into chaos. I thought it was clear that my father and some church associates were to blame, but maybe my sister had a hand in it too. You Melromarc weasels! You want sole control over the Heroes, is that it?! Someone was thrusting an accusatory finger at my mother. She did not retreat, but covered her mouth with a folding fan. I was shocked when she calmly responded. Would you like me to say that we aim to take over the world? What was that?! Perhaps you mean to declare war against my country, which processes all of the four Holy Warriors? Think carefully about that. Ugh… I knew her well enough to know that she was actually very troubled. Soon, she fell sick. She had a fever, and it was difficult for her to swallow. But she hid her discomfort. She participated in the meetings and said that we summoned the Heroes for our own protection. My mother had willpower like no other. I respect her very much. However, depending on the conditions you propose, we are not opposed to sharing the Heroes. Depending on the conditions, naturally. We can’t trust you! Is that so? The world is in a deep crisis, and you would accuse my country of only protecting itself? Are there no other countries here that wish to pull ahead of the others? The accusatory speaker swallowed his response. My mother produced a report gathered confidentially by her spies. King Faubrey? What do you think? My mother turned the conversation on the king. To be honest, King Faubrey was a very disturbing man. Hey was like a writhing ball of flesh. He was like a monster pig you didn’t    want to be around. Ahahaha… Queen Melromarc, you know very well what it is I desire. Yes. All I need to do is agree to your conditions? The delegates were all shocked by the conditions he proposed. I know that my mother had to make a very difficult decision in order to satisfy those demands. She had walked a very difficult path to get to these negotiations. Very well then. All of your great nations will send envoys to Melromarc. They will meet with the Heroes, respect the wishes of the Heroes, and the Heroes will accompany them back to your lands. The delegates all nodded along with my mother. All this happened a few days after Melromarc summoned the Heroes. A week later, and the outcome surprised all of us, including me. All four of the Heroes had declined to meet with the envoys. That’s not what we agreed to! The various countries had all been making preparations for the Heroes’ visits. Now they were upset and blamed my mother. Apparently the main problem was that the proposed treatment of the Shield Hero was too awful. In my mother’s absence, it appeared that Melromarc had rebuked and chastised the Shield Hero, and was doing all that they could to oppress him. They were going out of their way to discriminate against him. It seems that the Heroes have discovered a disease within our kingdom, and they are currently making efforts to expunge it. They need a little more time. You liar! A representative of Siltvelt jumped up on his table in anger. The demihumans of Siltvelt worshiped the Shield Hero. Really? Have you heard that the Shield Hero has asked to be left alone? Mmmm… Ahaha… very well then. Let’s let them do as they wish. Apparently they are still dedicating their efforts to accruing strength. King Faubrey laughed and spoke in support of my mother. To the representative of Siltvelt—do you think there are no records of just how long the last Shield Hero spent within your borders? The Siltvelt delegate curled his fingers into a fist. The Heroes must be treated with respect—that was how it has always been. But the last time the Heroes had been summoned the Shield Hero remained in Siltvelt for a few months before mysteriously dying.    Whether it was an accident, or a conspiracy, or if the Shield Hero himself was simply weak—no one knows, but it was an incident that Siltvelt found difficult to ignore. All we can do is wait until the appropriate time. If you would like to prepare, then all I can say is that it will happen once the filth has been expunged from the kingdom. Ugh… The delegates looked upset, they were glaring at us as we took our seats. And so Melromarc earned the suspicion of its neighboring nations—it felt like war could break out at any moment. My mother argued passionately and justly in an attempt to stave off the coming war. Two months passed. I don’t know why the Shield Hero refused to meet with the envoys, when the conditions had been so favorable. Especially considering how poorly he was being treated in Melromarc… When my mother heard of his refusal, she looked very concerned. %char7%, I have a job for you. Okay! What is it? I would like you to, very secretly now, sneak back into Melromarc, and convince Aultcray to stop this unfair treatment of the Shield Hero. I’d heard a little about what was happening back home. I’d heard that Father and Sister were conspiring against the Shield Hero. That they had many plans to keep him handicapped. The number of things they’d prevented him from doing was nearly uncountable. Mother had already sent a number of soldiers to speak with my father, but they had all been ignored. My father listened to me and respected my opinion, and therefore she wanted to send me to reason with him. At night, my mother found a few painted portraits of my father and burned them with magic. If things continued this way, with my father acting crazy back home, their relationship could not bear the strain. My mother would run out of patience. I couldn’t let that happen. Leave it to me! I stood up straight and announced that I would see to it. Thank you, %char7%. Yes, Mother! And so I boarded a carriage bound for Melromarc.    We stopped to rest often. We needed to let the %char2%lials rest, and it gave me a chance to send reports to Mother. Now I will deliver this report. It will only take me a little while, but while I am gone you must not move, Princess %char7%. Understood. A shadow had been provided for my protection. The shadow was from the secret service, and they were entrusted with classified jobs like protection. Normally a group of them takes turns being on watch, but there was so much happening these days that only one of them was available. So I was left to my own devices while the shadow delivered my reports. Sigh. It wasn’t that I didn’t like traveling by carriage, but it did get a little boring. I didn’t have anything to do while he was gone. I caught myself yawning. I was bored and looking out the window when I spotted an interesting creature. Ah! Wh… What’s wrong? I startled my attendant when I shouted. I jumped out of the carriage and walked off into a nearby field, parting the grass as I went. Gah, Gah! There were wild %char2%lials there, pulling and empty carriage. %char2%lials are large bird-like monsters that pull carriages. They were famous for pulling the Heroes’ carriages, and were revered as holy creatures here and there. They could still be found living in the wild like this. I’d heard all the legends about the Heroes from my mother, but I’d always been drawn to the %char2%lial characters. I loved them! Apparently all %char2%lials shared the desire to pull carriages. I don’t really understand it all, but apparently they feel anxious without something heavy to pull. Over the course of my carriage trip back to Melromarc, I started to really enjoy playing with %char2%lials. That was when I realized that I really loved these creatures What kind is that one? I’ve never seen that kind before. I was hiding in the grass and looking at a strange %char2%lial. Its wings were blue like the sky. At a glance, you could tell it was a %char2%lial, but I’d never seen one colored    that way. The wings looked different too, and the body shape was strange. The most obvious difference was a single feather that stood out from the top of its head, like a crown. Could I make friends with it? It was must have been a very rare type. I want to ride on the back of a rare %char2%lial! Wild %char2%lials were quite timid around humans. But they were also very hungry things, and you could win them over with some jerky or grass. That’s why I’d taken to carrying some jerky around in my pocket. I pulled some from my pocket, and the %char2%lial stepped out of the grove. Gah? The %char2%lial noticed. I didn’t want to scare it off, so I held the jerky out in front of me and slowly inched forward. Come on, %char2%lial. The bird was obviously still cautious, but it started to come over in my direction. I could tell it was sniffing the air for the jerky. But… Gah! Nonono! The %char2%lial ran off through the grass Wait! I really wanted to be friends with such a rare creature. I also knew that there were kinds of %char2%lials that would only respect you if you ran after them (because %char2%lials love to run). I ran back to the carriage and quickly told my attendant what to do. Follow that %char2%lial! B… but! Please! The attended hesitated for a moment, then nodded and gripped the reigns. Our carriage was also pulled by a %char2%lial. Gah! With a lurch, we were running after the strange, blue %char2%lial. Wait! We were still chasing after the blue %char2%lial. The road had grown steeper in the forest though, and was beginning to wind deeper into the mountains.    Wait! Please wait! The blue %char2%lial was running its heart out. It looked like it was having fun. It was so fast. Our own %char2%lial was tiring out. Stop. Huh? Um… Okay! Gah… Gah… I climbed down and let our %char2%lial drink water, and then I cast a water spell on her to cool her off. Are you okay? Gah! I had pushed her too hard. I probably should have given up the chase. I was thinking on that while I watched the blue %char2%lial run away. But then it stopped and looked back at us, as if it wanted us to chase it. I don’t know if it was a game, but it looked like it was having fun. You want to keep going? Gah! She seemed chipper and eager. Then let’s go! I got back into the carriage, and the chase was back on. The blue %char2%lial was running and seemed to be enjoying itself. It was hard to keep up. It was amazing that such a rare bird would be so fast too. Oh no! I remembered something I’d forgotten. We were running down switchbacks, now. Each curve led to a steeper dip ahead. The blue %char2%lial was running near the bottom of the mountain. But she was heading for a place humans should avoid. It was populated with dangerous monsters and dragons. %char2%lials and dragons never got along. And the blue %char2%lial was running right for the dragon’s land. It was so focused on the chase that it must not have realized. We have to stop it! It was kind of cheating, but I jumped down from the carriage, went over the cliff face of the switchback, and jumped down towards the %char2%lial below. It was dangerous, but I could use magic to keep myself safe. Ms. %char7%! I heard the attendant call after me, but it was too late. I fell straight down onto the blue %char2%lial. Gah?!    I’m sorry! But you are about to run into dragon territory! Gah! The %char2%lial was agitatedly flapping its wings. But I was too late. GROOOAAAAR! A dragon was descending on us from above. It was much bigger than my carriage had been. The forest was filled with the dragon’s roar and the %char2%lial’s cries. The %char2%lial was preparing to defend itself. Dragons are large, vicious monsters covered in hard scales. They could fly, and it was hard to hurt them with a sword. They had long claws and fangs. They could also use magic, but it was different than the magic humans used. One of those very powerful dragons was now right there before us. What should I do? I didn’t want the %char2%lial to end up hurt. I stepped forward. I… I’ll fight you. I was only level 18, but I could use powerful water magic. If I used my strongest spell, I might be able to scare the beast off. The attendant was nearby too, and there was a tool in the carriage for times like these. If I didn’t time my attack right, I’d leave myself wide open for the dragon’s counter. I had to relax then take care of the dragon. Wa…Wahhh! The attendant took off running. Terrible. Without him there, who was going to get me the tool from the carriage? Gah! The %char2%lial from the carriage ran over to protect me from the dragon. I’d become pretty close friends with that %char2%lial during our journey back to Melromarc. I was glad to know that I hadn’t imagined our friendship. To think that the %char2%lial would protect me… Gah…a… The dragon thrust its fangs through the neck of my %char2%lial… no… my %char2%lial! Stop that! It took all my discipline to control myself, but I steadied my breathing and cast a spell. I am the source of all power. Hear my words and heed them! Attack him    with a blade of water! Zweite Aqua Slash! The blade of water flew from my hands and hit the dragon. It scratched the dragon but was not a fatal blow. All I’d done was scratch one of its scales. Was I so powerless? Gah! The blue %char2%lial kicked the dragon. But because the dragon had locked its jaws onto my carriage %char2%lial, the blue %char2%lial had to hold back. I turned to the dragon and started to cast another spell. I am the root of all power… GRAOOOAAAR! AH! The dragon whipped its tail and knocked me down, Ah! It had only felt like a light touch, but before I realized it, I was flying backwards and crumpled to the ground. A large blue bruise appeared where the tail had hit me. Ugh…U… I climbed to my feet but found it difficult to stand. Gah… The blue %char2%lial kicked the dragon again, and this time it hurt enough that the dragon stumbled, releasing its grip on the other %char2%lial. GRAOOOOAR! The dragon was so focused on chasing the blue %char2%lial that it seemed to have forgotten about me. I ran over to the %char2%lial the dragon had bitten. It was collapsed on the ground. The wounds were deep and serious—the poor thing could die at any moment. We needed to get back to the carriage… GRAOOOAR! Another dragon appeared and tried to claw at the collapsed %char2%lial. If this kept up any longer, the poor bird was sure to die. All I could think of was saving the %char2%lial. I focused on chanting a spell. I won’t let you! I ran forward to protect the %char2%lial, but the dragon flapped its wings, producing so much wind that I was knocked back. Ahhh! I slammed into a tree and felt my consciousness slipping. The wind slammed into the carriage, and it flew through the air and broke. If I stayed put I    might have been able to avoid the battle. If they ignored me, I could escape later. But I just couldn’t leave the %char2%lial there. Ever since I was a child I traveled with my busy mother, and I’d spent all that time becoming friends with these %char2%lials. I couldn’t abandon them. Ug… Uh… My creaking body and fuzzy consciousness were straining. I reached out my hand. I am the… source of all… power. Hear my words and… heed them. Attack him with a… blade of water. Zweite Aqua Slash! I focused all my magic power into the attack and sent the blade flying at the dragon. I’d used all my remaining strength, and I fell forward, exhausted. Groaaar… From somewhere in the dim distance, I heard the dragon scream. I hope… I hope that my last attack had managed to drive it off. Thank you for protecting me. I heard a voice, but I don’t know whose it was. I felt something like a strong breeze… kindness blowing… and then I drifted into darkness. Gah! Oh… Ah? When I opened my eyes, I saw the blue %char2%lial standing over me. The hurt %char2%lial was resting inside of the carriage. It was alive. I looked around, but we weren’t in the mountains anymore. We in some kind of field. Did you save me? Gah! The blue %char2%lial nodded. I don’t know how it did it, but the blue %char2%lial apparently saved both me and the other %char2%lial from the dragons and managed to bring us far away to safety. Thank you. Gah! The blue %char2%lial happily chirped, then licked me. I rubbed the bird’s head in return. I looked my body over to see if I had any wounds. The %char2%lial was squinting, and looked very comfortable.    I didn’t have any large cuts or anything. My clothes were fine too. I was a little worried that I might have some bruises… but I seemed to be okay. I looked over to see that the blue %char2%lial had covered the other %char2%lial’s wounds with her wings and was healing them. So she could use healing magic too? Amazing. In gratitude I gave all my jerky to the two %char2%lials. Later, the blue %char2%lial let me ride her around a little bit. That was when I noticed… Oh yeah… I… The shadow had told me to wait for him where he’d left me. What should I do? The carriage was broken. And the %char2%lial was too hurt to pull it anyway. I hadn’t applied the monster control seal, and I couldn’t make her work when she was hurt anyway. Gah? I’m sorry. I have to go soon. I’d taken a bit of a detour, but I’d have to meet up with the shadow and make my way back to Melromarc soon. Gaaah! My %char2%lial called out to the blue %char2%lial. Gaaah! After nodding a few times, the blue %char2%lial called back. Then, all of a sudden, we were surrounded by a whole group of %char2%lials. There were so many—I’d never seen anything like it. Three %char2%lials came walking over to the blue %char2%lial. It looked like they were all listening to her, and I know I wasn’t just imagining it. She was like their mother, and clearly the leader of the group. Gah! Gah! The blue %char2%lial raised a wing and motioned for me to approach the other three %char2%lials. Um… I climbed down from the blue %char2%lial and walked toward the others. When I approached, all three of them knelt to the ground in what I assumed was a signal to climb up. You’ll take me there? Gah! All three nodded. Gah! The blue %char2%lial was waving its wings at me.    Thank you! I yelled my gratitude, and the three %char2%lials took off running. I had such a mysterious experience with the %char2%lials that day. I’d never forget it for as long as I lived. The three %char2%lials found the road I’d been on originally and then brought me across the border into Melromarc. On the way we got tired and took a rest. I’m pretty sure we were near a village in the east of Melromarc. Gah?! Someone was approaching us, and the three %char2%lials were squawking in surprise. Then, as if they suddenly noticed something, they all ran off. Ah… I guess that was the end of our friendship? This wasn’t a very convenient place to be dropped off. But I guess I wasn’t so far from Melromarc. I could just get a carriage or something. That bird looks delicious! Every time I pass one I can’t get over how good they look. You’re one of those birds. I heard people talking. If you chase them, you can still get them, Master! I walked in the direction of the voices. There was a %char2%lial there, but she was different than any %char2%lial I'd seen before. She was wider than normal, with white and pink fluffy feathers. And she was big. She had clear, blue eyes, and a very happy and cheerful face. She looked like very pure, happy %char2%lial. The blue %char2%lial was no doubt rare, but I had never seen anything like this one before. I was so fascinated that I walked right over to her. Wow… Are you a %char2%lial? You mean me? You can talk? To meet a %char2%lial that could talk like a person, it was like a dream! This is all the mysterious stuff that happened before I and %char2% met. After we met, it took a little while to become best friends. In that time, all sorts of things happened—but that’s a story for another day.       Prologue: On the Run   Jeez! That brain-dead harem sure is persistent! I was so annoyed that I was spitting insults involuntarily. But it was only natural. We’d been accused of abducting and brainwashing %char7%, and we’d been on the run for a while. We’d turned onto some overgrown mountain roads in an attempt to lose the soldiers chasing us. But they were still close behind. Dammit! Nothing good has happened since I came to this world! My complaint brought everything that happened over the last few months freshly back to my mind My name is %Name%. Back in the modern world, I’d been, I admit it, an Otaku. I was a 20-year-old university student. But that was before everything changed. I was killing some time in the local library when I found an old book called The Records of the Four Holy Weapons. I had been flipping through the pages when, all of a sudden, I passed out and woke up in a completely new world. Not only that, I’d been summoned there as one of the four heroes that the book had been about. I was the Shield Hero—the only hero that couldn’t attack. In the beginning, I was thrilled. The world was like a dream—and I was a hero! I couldn’t wait to get out and start adventuring. But some wicked, cowardly people set a trap for me and framed me for a crime I didn’t commit. My reputation was completely ruined, and I was heavily persecuted. They accused me of rape and sent me out into the world on my own, even though I couldn’t attack, and I didn’t know anyone. I had to find some way to make it on my own. However, there was a strange phenomenon called The Waves that were threatening to destroy the world. When the wave occurred, I was automatically (forcibly) transported to the scene of destruction. I had to fight monsters to protect a world that had treated me so poorly. Even worse, the Legendary Shield that was attached to my arm was impossible to remove. It felt like a curse of some kind. So not only did I have to put my own life on the line to save the people that had hurt me, but I couldn’t even run away if I wanted to.    Because of the shield, I couldn’t use other weapons at all, and even if I punched enemies with my fists, I wasn’t able to deal with any substantial damage. On the other hand, the shield could absorb defeated enemies and materials, and doing so would unlock new abilities and new shields. The Legendary Shield was capable of transforming into different shields with different attributes. This new world I found myself in functioned, in many ways, like a video game. There was a type of magic called status magic, and it let me level up by defeating enemies. When I leveled up, I got stronger. The abstract concept of levels might not make sense immediately, but basically the harder you worked, the more powerful you got—typically in proportion to the difficulty of the task you completed. I was pretty used to the way that the system worked from reading manga, anime, and games, so I was able to pick it up pretty quickly. I was at level 39. I’d leveled up that much after all that I’d been through. Did we shake them? No, they’re still coming. Damn! I was being chased by a person named %char6%. He was 21years-old. Like me, he had also been summoned to this world from another place. He was from a modern version of Japan too, but it was different from my own Japan. He was the Spear Hero. Among the four of us heroes, he was the best looking. We are both guys, but I can admit that. But he was a womanizer of sorts. He only thought about girls. %char6% and the other two heroes all seemed to know about this world as they had played games similar to it before. They knew where to go and what to do to level up as fast as possible. Despite knowing all that stuff, %char6% refused to teach me anything, and he played a big part in having me framed. If he had enough free time to bother me, shouldn’t he be fighting to save the world or something? There were two other heroes. The Sword Hero was %char4% and the Bow Hero was %char5%. Both of them had also been summoned from other modern versions of Japan. Ren was 16 years old. He had black hair and looked very cool. He was the silent swordsman type. %char5% was 17, I think. At first, he looked kind of quiet and boring, but he    seemed to be very good with his hands. It didn’t look like Ren or %char5% were chasing me. They must be harboring some suspicions about all that had happened. Should I hide us with magic? Sure. The girl suggesting the magic was named %char1%. She had the ears and tail of a tanuki because she was a raccoon-type demihuman girl. She looked to be around 18 years old. Standing a little shorter than I did, she looked healthy, and attractive, and serious. You didn’t have to be friends with her to notice how attractive she was. Her hair was long and brown, with languid curls and a notable sheen. Her arms and legs were long and slender. She really did look like a model. After I was summoned to this world and framed and left to my own devices without friends or equipment or money, I met %char1%. Actually, I bought her as a slave with the spare money I was able to make on my own. She was under a slave curse that gave me complete control over her, including whether she lived or died. I could set rules for the curse, and it would cause her pain when she broke them. After I was betrayed and framed, I completely lost the ability to trust people, and that was why I bought a slave because they had no choice but to do as I said. With the slave curse on her, %char1% wouldn’t be able to lie. I wasn’t able to inflict any damage on enemies, so she held a sword and fought on my behalf. When I bought her, she was just a young girl—around 10 years old. But demi-humans grow up differently than normal people. When they are young, their bodies mature with their level. She leveled up quickly enough, and that’s why she looks older these days. That maturation process is probably why demi-humans and humans are treated so differently here. Before the first wave came, %char1% and I were able to level up and get good enough equipment to survive the disaster. But later on, %char6% heard that I was using a slave, and he challenged me to a duel—even though I wasn’t capable of attacking at all. The king of the country that summoned us, Melromarc, demanded that the duel take place, and he even saw to it that I lost through some cowardly intervention. So %char1% was freed from the slave curse, but she decided that she still wanted to stay with me. She’s still here by my side as my slave. However, she never does anything that would activate the slave curse, and I    took off all the curse settings that could have impacted our relationship. So she was really just a slave in name only. %char1% wanted to fight with a hero to save the world… She wanted to fight against the waves. In the past, before the waves came, %char1% lived in a village with her family. She lost everything when the waves came, including both of her parents and the village itself. That was why she wanted to do something about them. The heroes were charged with fighting against the waves, and she had lost everything to the waves—our goals were perfectly in line. Originally I thought of %char1% as an easily usable slave, but now she is my dependable partner, my right hand, and I have parental feelings toward her. I really wanted to protect her, and keep her out of harm’s way, but %char1% was driven to battle, and I couldn’t stop her. She was at level 40. Leave it to me. Thanks—sorry. What are you talking about? We’re on the same side here. You don’t have to feel bad. You’re right. It’s just… this guy is so damn persistent! I know. There I was again, complaining without thinking. What should Mel and I do? asked %char2%. Good question. %char2%, you stay in human form. If there’s trouble, turn into a %char2%lial. %char7%, you just stay quiet. Okaay! The way you phrase that, it’s like you think I’m making a racket back here! Yeah, yeah… Okay, %char7%, you keep watch to the rear. The two people yelling at me were both young girls. The first one was %char2%. She was a 10-year-old girl with little wings, blonde hair, and blue eyes. She had wild, innocent blue eyes, soft cheeks, and a naïve demeanor. She wore a one-piece dress with a large ribbon on the chest. It was a simple dress, but it brought out the cuteness factor of her little face and wings. But she was really the Queen of the %char2%lials—giant carriage-pulling bird monsters. Something like that anyway. In her real form, she was a giant owl… or penguin… some kind of bird bigger than a person. She could run very fast.    Her feathers were mostly white, with little flecks of pink mixed in. Personality-wise she was very childish and innocent. She ate like a pig, though, and was downright crazy compared to what her composed appearance would suggest. She was such a glutton that she’d eat anything. Once she even tried to eat the rotting flesh of a dead dragon. We met when %char1% and I went to have %char1%’s slave curse reapplied. The slave-trader had a booth set up at the back of his tent where you could pick a monster egg from a large box of eggs. I picked an egg, and out hatched %char2%. She was born only two months before. For some reason that I don’t really understand, she gained the ability to transform into a human girl with little wings on her back. Now she spends most of her time in human form when she isn’t pulling the carriage. More than anything, she loved pulling heavy carriages. She’d always look over at me when she did it, as if she wanted me to give her approval. But she had recently made a friend and discovered that there are more important things in life than eating, sleeping, and playing. Still, it was because of %char2% that we were able to travel around selling things, and that was how we’d made all our money. %char2% thought of me as her owner, and of %char1% as her big sister. Honestly though, I had started to think of %char2% as a daughter of sorts. She was at level 40—the same as %char1%. Mr. %Name%. Your hand, please… Sure. %char1%’s tail fluffed up as she prepared to use a magic spell. I took her hand and squeezed it. Hey! Big Sister and Master are cuddling! I want to cuddle too! We are not CUDDLING! Think about the situation we are in, please. But… But, Sister! You’re keeping Master all to yourself! That’s fine, but if you don’t stay quiet we won’t get away from the bad men. %char7%—help keep her quiet. Very well. %char2%, you have to calm down for a second. Booo! Big Sister! You know that Master likes me best! What are you talking about? If you don’t hurry up, they’ll catch us! That was %char7%. Her real name was %char7% Melromarc. She was the same size and age as %char2%, but her hair was a bright blue—very    noticeable. She kept her hair in pigtails. Her face always portrayed a look of heavy purpose. She normally dressed in frilly gothic dresses, but at that moment she was dressed in cheap, tattered, farmer’s clothing. She was as attractive as %char2% or %char1%. You could tell that she’d be a real beauty when she grew up. As for her personality, I didn’t really understand her that well. She was picky with her words and ended up sounding sarcastic at times. A few moments ago I told everyone to be quiet, and she told me to stop freaking out. When we first met she spoke very politely and considered her language— but the more time we spent together the less patient, and more stern, she became. That was only natural when you thought about it. This %char7% girl was the younger princess of the country that was currently chasing us. Her life was in danger, and so she didn’t have any other choice but to run away with us. But by sticking with us, she put us in danger too. It’s why we were being chased. Melromarc did not think well of the Shield Hero. When I started traveling around and helping people, the populace started to question if I was really as bad as they said. Those were doubts the Crown wanted to suppress. To do so, they framed me for yet another crime, and now I was a wanted man. The story went like this: %char7%, the younger princess, also happened to be first in line for the throne. So she was the heiress to the kingdom, and they accused me of kidnapping her. You might think that we should just turn her over to the authorities, but unfortunately it wasn’t that simple. There was another person in line for the throne after %char7%, and there were reasons to think that that person was plotting %char7%’s assassination. If we were to just hand the princess over to someone like that, they were sure to have her killed. So in the end we were forced to cooperate with one another. If we wanted to prove our innocence, we were going to have to bring %char7% to her mother, the Queen of Melromarc. Just to make matters worse, the queen was not currently in Melromarc but was on a diplomatic mission in a foreign country. We weren’t going to just run into her on the street. Furthermore, %char7% and %char2% had become best friends. %char7% was borderline obsessed with %char2%lials, and she and %char2% were clearly on the same wavelength. They were fast friends. Her mother, the queen, had apparently sent %char7% back to Melromarc to improve relations between the king (her father) and me.    But lots of things had happened since then, and we weren’t exactly on the best of terms. I’d been calling her Princess for a while, but then she screamed at me and demanded I call her by her name. So now we are on a first-name basis. Like %char2%, %char7% seemed to think of %char1% as a dependable older-sister type. She was at level 19. Since she started traveling with us, she’d leveled up once. So, Ms. %char1%, what spell are you using? There she was, being polite to %char1%. Why wasn’t she polite with me anymore? I was mulling that over when %char1% finished casting her spell. I am the source of all power. Hear my words and heed them. Hide us! All First Hiding! A tree appeared, formed from magic, and dropped its leaves over us. We were completely hidden from view. I ducked down inside the leaves and held my breath. A moment later %char6% and his retinue came running around the corner. Where’d he go? That was %char6%, the Spear Hero. Mr. %char6%, don’t you think they have moved on? %char6% had three party members with him. They were all women. The one that ran over and spoke to him was someone I didn’t know. Let’s move on. Sure, but don’t forget that %Name%has %char1% with him. They could be hiding around here somewhere. How obnoxiously intuitive, he was right. Still—if he was going to find us, he’d have to use magic of his own, or at least a skill from his legendary weapon. If he did, we might be in a tough spot. But without a defined target he’d never be able to hit us with a spell. Huh? Footprints! I found footprints over here! %char6% shouted for the three women. The footprints he’d found were not ours, and they led him in the opposite direction of our hiding place. We’d sent %char2% around to make fake tracks leading in the wrong direction. It was a good enough plan, and it looked like %char6% was going to fall for it. Let’s go after them. Ah… my precious %char7%. I can’t believe you’ve been kidnapped and brain washed by the Shield Demon! I swear I will save you!    The person who just spoke, who called %char7% by name and called me a demon, was the very same person that had originally framed me and had me kicked out of the kingdom: Bitch, the princess herself. She went by the adventuring name of %char3% Sufia, but her real name was Malty S. Melromarc. She was %char7%’s sister. She was a real monster—a bitch if I’ve ever met one. She loved to watch others suffer while, at the same time, she lived a life of luxury. I had plenty of good reasons to suspect that she was behind everything that was going on with %char7% and us—that she was the one pulling the strings behind the scenes. Because of her wretched behavior and personality, her parents had decided to make %char7% the heiress to the throne, despite the fact that Bitch was older. Actually, the last time we fought she basically made her intentions as clear as could be when she started hurling attacks directly at %char7%. I hated her, and I’d taken to calling her Bitch. Someday I’d make sure that she got what was coming to her. We should get going, Mr. %char6%. I want to catch them as soon as possible. Bitch sent %char6% off first, and after he’d gone she started snooping around the area. Why do we have to go through all this trouble? We could just burn the whole area. She said, slipping a bottle from her pocket. She uncorked the bottle and proceeded to sprinkle the contents around. I had a really bad feeling about that bottle. If I jumped out of our hiding place to stop her, then %char6% would catch us for sure—so I had no choice but to sit and watch. %Name%… Shh! %char7% was shaking my shoulder. She looked worried. I had a pretty good idea of what Bitch was up to, though. First Fire. She waved her hand, and flames leapt from her palm to the spilled contents of the bottle. The area the bottle’s contents had affected burst into flame. I knew it. Bitch! She would burn a whole mountainside to smoke us out? What was wrong with her? Is that how a princess should behave? Everything she did was criminal. She was immoral!    She left the flames behind and ran off after %char6%. The flames spread further, and soon they were licking at the trees. Flames were everywhere. I turned to see where %char6% had come from, and there was a column of smoke rising in that direction too. Mr. %Name%! %char7%, can you use magic to take care of the fire? I can put this one out, but I can’t do anything about the fire she’s already started. It would spread too much by the time I got close enough. Damn… Bitch was hanging behind %char6% and setting fires as she went. How miserable did she have to make us before she could be satisfied? She was sure to pin the fires on me afterwards. What should we do? Did we have enough time to hang back and play firefighter? Master! It’s so smoky! I know. %char2%, turn into your %char2%lial form. We need to get out of here fast. Okay! What are you going to do about the fire? I don’t know if it would help much, but can you use your magic to make it rain? %char7% was good with water magic. That’s why I wanted to know if she could do something to try to prevent further damage. I can try, but I won’t promise anything. %char7% concentrated on casting a spell. I am the source of all power. Hear my words and heed them. Drop rains of mercy! First Squall! When she finished casting the spell, rainclouds covered the sky, and heavy drops began to fall. But the rain didn’t cover a very large area. I guess it was better than nothing. This whole place will be on fire soon! %char1%, %char7%, do you have anything against running? My sister is crazy! What was she thinking? She’s going to try to frame us for this! The area was beginning to fill with smoke. If the rain would come a little harder… %char2% turned back into her %char2%lial form with a puff of smoke, and we climbed onto her back. I kicked my heels, and we took off running in the opposite direction that %char6% had gone.    In the ensuing chaos of the wildfire, we had a chance to shake %char6% off of our trail.        We got rid of %char6% and escaped from the fire, but we didn’t know where to go from there. I know he said the southwest—but where, exactly, are we supposed to go? In order to clear our names, we were heading to meet the queen in a country to the southwest, but no one had told us where she actually was. It wasn’t anything more than just grasping at straws, but I was hoping that if we just headed southwest and crossed the border, things would be clearer. What I couldn’t figure out was how %char6% had been able to find out where we were going in the first place. My best guess was that he was asking around for eyewitness reports or something. Could there have been a shadow on the enemy’s side too? Shadow was the name of the queen’s secret service soldiers. They had shown up to help us a couple of times. But from what I hear, the shadows were far from a singular organization. The enemy might have been employing them too. According to the Shadow, the queen’s group (who was trying to save us) and the Church of the Three Heroes (who accused me of kidnapping %char7% but is actually trying to have her killed) were in the middle of a dispute. If the Church was as good at snooping around as I suspected, they might have been feeding %char6% information about our whereabouts. The shadows that were helping us were dressed like ninjas. Apparently the group was divided into spies, and soldiers, and other specialties. We don’t have the time to let our guard down. If we don’t wait for %char6% to get far away from here, then we’ll have to keep running for days on end. Thanks to %char6% and Bitch, Melromarc’s road to the southwest had been heavily damaged. By the time we had the chance to stop and think, we’d gotten far off of our intended path. %char2%. Whaaat? Can you figure out where Shadow went? Um… I can try, but Big Sister %char1% is better at finding hidden    things! Is she? Is that true, Ms. %char1%? %char7% chimed in on the conversation. Please don’t put so much pressure on me. Sometimes I feel… I feel like something strange is going on… but I wouldn’t be able to tell unless I was really close. Yeah, good point. Sometimes I feel like we are being watched from far away. I don’t know how we can hide completely. It would be very difficult to completely escape the gaze of the shadows. Still, there was a shadow on our side too, and he was drawing attention away from us. There was a high probability that we could shake off %char6%. Even better… %char6% stopped tailing us once night fell. Bitch probably didn’t like to fight in the dark. She probably complained that a good night’s sleep was the cornerstone of proper skin care, the fire-starting monster. Whatever. As long as they weren’t still chasing us, I didn’t care. Ah. %char7% looked as though she’d had a realization. She was staring at me. What? I know a wealthy family in this area. They might let us hide out until %char6% has moved on. Then we could escape without being seen. You want to head into town? You? And me? Even %char2% is pretty recognizable these days. My face was very well known. The crystal ball they had used was like a 3D photograph back in my world. There wasn’t a soul alive in Melromarc that didn’t know my face. If someone saw %char2%, they’d report that too. She’d been turning into a more average-looking %char2%lial these days, but she still stood out just by being pink. We’d seen the village from a distance, and there were clearly a number of guards posted there. And you say they are wealthy? I had a good reason for asking. The powerful families of Melromarc tended to really hate the Shield Hero. According to what %char7% said, and as far as the teachings of the Church of the Three Heroes were concerned, the Shield Hero was Melromarc’s enemy. It didn’t matter how many people’s trust I managed to earn on my mercantile wanderings. The nobility and the powerful families would still hate me. I think it will be fine. Why?    This particular family always worked very closely with my mother. I think they share her way of thinking. What do you mean? They were very involved in demi-human to human relations in Melromarc. They tried to help everyone get along. Then why don’t they speak out against your father, Trash, and the Church? If they were so enlightened and active, why did everyone still disbelieve me? Why did they all hate me? If they had really worked so closely with the queen, then they certainly couldn’t claim ignorance about Melromarc’s internal affairs. They were a noble family in charge of managing a territory called Seyaette. But they died in the wave. Oh… Why did the good people have to die so quickly? They were vacationing in their lands when the wave happened. They fought to protect the people who lived there… until the end. That’s terrible… Yes. We lost them in the first wave. It was a great sacrifice. Huh? The first wave? I looked over at %char1%. She had met a hard fate during the first wave too. %char1% nodded. My village was under the protection of the governor. But the governor died, and we tried to rebuild… the village was… So it was all true. When we lost that family, we lost the last voice that spoke for the compassionate treatment of demi-humans. Any remaining powers that held the same views were given reassignments by my father. That’s not the worst of it either. I’ve heard that the inhabitants of Seyaette met a hard fate in the ensuing violence. Violence by the Crown’s soldiers. %char1% was unable to hide her irritation. %char7% silently nodded. She appeared to understand what had happened. I believe my mother, once she returns, will see that they are punished. She sent a letter, but it seems to have been ignored. Once all this is over, %char1%, please tell me about the soldiers that did these things. I will. Your father is up to no good.    Father… %char7% looked disappointed. She should be disappointed. One of her parents and her sister were after her life. %char7% says that he’s just being used, but could Trash, the king, really be innocent? Still, the real mystery was the queen and this noble family. Were they really working for demi-human liberation? Here in human-supremacist Melromarc? I didn’t have enough information to fathom a guess at their true intentions. But I digress. Back to the topic at hand. Ok, and you say there is a noble family in these parts with ties to the past governor of Seyaette? I think so. They were not close with my father, and I believe they were forcibly removed from their lands. That’s a real gamble. It sounded like this family was having a rough time. But it wasn’t like I knew nothing about the area. I guess it happened gradually over a few weeks, but with %char2% pulling the carriage, I’d managed to travel most of the country. There were even times when I knew people and places that %char7% mentioned. I didn’t travel as the Shield Hero though. I pretended to be a holy saint of a bird-god, and I traveled around selling cheap accessories for handsome prices. I remembered a rather intellectual-looking, young family. I’d met a young guy that seemed very kind. My private nickname for him was Nice Guy. I’d secretly snickered to myself at the time, but could it be that he’d done business with me—and he’d known that I was the Shield Hero? He might have. He had seemed affable. Thinking back on it further, I remembered seeing some demi-human adventurers around town too. %char1% might be able to walk around without arousing suspicion. It’s a risk to enter the town, especially for %char7% and %char2%. Why? %char7% cocked her head inquisitively. %char2% did it too—I wished she wouldn’t copy %char7% like that. Your blue hair stands out too much. %char7%’s hair was noteworthy. It was a deep blue… almost navy. It was rare to come across people with deep blue hair, so she stood out even when she wore a disguise. As for %char2%: her %char2%lial form, and of course her %char2%lial Queen form, drew the attention of anyone walking by. Don’t even get me started on her human    form. She was impossible to hide. If we all walked in wearing heavy robes to hide our identities, that would look suspicious too. You stand out too, you know. You’re right. Hey, Master! How about we wait until dark. Then everyone can sit on my back, and I’ll jump over the city gate! That’s not a bad idea, but we’d be caught if there was a single guard on duty. %char1% could use her magic to help us…. but I guess that if we used advanced magic, that would draw attention too… What should we do then? It seems like we can count on support. And yet… Running away probably wasn’t a bad idea. But constantly running away from %char6% had me exhausted. My body was telling me that it needed rest. %char6% was not our only enemy. We might have to fight with adventurers, soldiers, or bounty hunters. We needed to rest up. Um… %char1% raised her hand. What is it? What if they’ve been following the news, and they are expecting us to stop by? Hm… that very well might be the case. After all that happened, it seemed like the country was divided into two factions over how to deal with me. Good point. And you know, %Name%, a demi-human adventurer might be more willing to listen to us. Why do you think so? Did you forget? If the Shield Hero is the enemy of human-supremacist Melromarc, then what would the demi-humans think of him? She had a point. Among the countries that were on bad terms with Melromarc, one of them was a nation of demi-humans. It seemed like the Church of the Three Heroes was the national religion of Melromarc—which meant that any nation that stood in opposition to Melromarc might be more willing to cooperate with us. And that meant that demi-humans might be more inclined to listen to us. Thinking back on it, I recalled then some of my first customers had been demi-human adventurers. It might be worth a shot. All right. When we get to the town, let’s try talking to a demi-human    adventurer. Okay. I hope it goes well. Here we go! We made for the nearby village, careful to stay hidden on the way. Ex… Excuse me! Hey! As we drew closer to the town where we expected to meet the nobility, we found a demi-human adventurer on the road. We hid in the shadows and called out to him, but… Oh man… that’s the tenth time! %Name%, what did you do? I don’t know! When the demi-human caught sight of my face he made an exaggerated apology and ran away. But why? Had my demonic reputation spread even to them? Things were not going as smoothly as I’d hoped. It doesn’t look like he reported us. You’re right. He ran, and then we ran—but no soldiers have shown up. I had been worried that the town guards would find us and chase us away. But so far no one seemed to be around. Honestly, as we were walking down the road, it looked like even the demihumans would run off to a different path when they caught sight of us. Maybe I should approach them? Will you do it for us, %char1%? Sure. If anything happens, call for help immediately. All right. You can do it, Big Sister! So %char1% stepped in to approach some demi-humans we encountered. It had me a little worried. The demi-humans in Melromarc always seemed to be on their toes—always ready to dash off. It must have been very uncomfortable for them to be in Melromarc. They were always aware of their status. I wondered what they were doing here, but the sheer number of people seemed like a good enough explanation. %char1% came back from talking with the demi-human adventurers. I’m back. What happened? Well, I found out why they won’t talk to you. It seems that they have been    ordered not to speak with you directly. What’s that supposed to mean? I thought it was weird too, so I asked in a way that seemed natural. They said that the Shield Hero told them not to speak with you. The last Shield Hero had told the demi-humans not to talk to me? That could be a problem. So the only reason %char1% talked to me was because, at first, she didn’t know that I was the Shield Hero? And because she was in trouble? It’s like this whole world was set up to make me miserable! %Name%, didn’t you once tell demi-humans to stay away from you? I don’t remember that. That’s strange. My mother once said that the Shield Hero had ordered everyone to stay away from him. Demi-humans worship the Shield Hero, so they were only obeying his wishes. What? You mean because Master said to stay away? Could that be it? I don’t remember saying that. Was it a previous Shield Hero? No. So you mean that it’s not true? Could it all be a misunderstanding? It had to be the Church of the Three Heroes! I heard that this happened a few days after you were summoned here, %Name%. I was pretty messed up then, and I don’t remember much about the first couple weeks. It was when I had just been framed and arrested. I didn’t trust anyone, and I told off anyone that tried to talk to me. Could it be that someone who sincerely wanted to team up with me had approached me? Could I have told them to stay away from me? %Name%? You don’t think… Anyway, can we get into the town? I changed the subject. I couldn’t tolerate the way that %char7% was staring at me. Well, they seemed friendly for as long as we spoke. They know how foolish Melromarc is being. They said the Church was crazy. Did they mention any reports about us? They said that everyone has been told the Shield Hero is close. But they also said that all the demi-humans were in agreement that they wouldn’t say anything if they saw him. Huh… Well, it sounds risky, but should we try it?    If things turned sour, we could always escape on %char2%. We could throw capes over our faces… Hello? What? We were hiding in the bushes, but did someone just call out for us? I looked out to the road, and Nice Guy was there. He wore glasses, and was sitting in a high-class carriage. He stopped it and called out to us. Yeah, I remembered. Nice Guy had been nobility in that town. Could that be Princess %char7% and the Shield Hero in there? Um… yes? Yeah. It’s dangerous to speak here. Would you accompany me back to my residence? Judging by the direction he’d come from, he must have come out here to meet us. So he HAD been thinking about us. If you try to hand us off to the other heroes, we’ll cause a big ruckus. %Name%, you shouldn’t… And by ‘We,’ I mean my subordinates and this barbaric princess. What was that?! %char7% shot me an ice-cold glare. YOU’RE the barbarian! What are you saying? I’m the most sophisticated hero by a long shot. You once sold me an item, for which I am very grateful. The materials are quite simple, so you see pieces like it everywhere, but your design, Hero, makes it much more valuable to me. It cost five times more than similar items, but I still feel like it was worth it. %char7% was really glaring at me now. I’m very sorry. %char1% held her head in her hands. Anyway, %Name%, we should go with this man for now. We can hear all about how you’ve behaved later. Why do I have to talk with YOU about MY behavior? Because these issues are going to keep popping up. Could it be YOUR fault that people call you the Shield Demon? Any stories you hear will be stories of my valorous deeds. Don’t act like you are proud of your crimes! Whatever. I can deceive my enemies all day long and not feel a bit of guilt for it. It’s all about perspective. Modesty can look like cowardice to an enemy.    That’s enough for now. If you cause a fuss here, the Spear Hero will find us. Hm… %char1% was right. We silently crawled into Nice Guy’s carriage. I looked out the carriage window to get a sense of what was going on outside. We had only been on the run for a few days, but I was already finding myself nostalgic for hustle and bustle. The town outside the carriage window had a backwater character. It really did seem like there were more demi-humans around this town: lots of adventurers out and about. Before long we arrived at Nice Guy’s residence. We left the carriage and snuck inside. Excuse us. %char7% was sure to pardon herself before stepping inside. Whenever she had to act as the official princess she became very polite. She spoke that way to the other heroes too. Actually, come to think of it, she was only rude when she spoke to me. Granted, I hadn’t exactly gone out of my way to earn her respect—so I suppose I couldn’t blame her. You must be exhausted. Please take this time to rest up. He led us to a dining room and stepped out before reappearing with food for us. %char2% didn’t have the best table manners, but Nice Guy smiled and looked genuinely pleased. So you have been on the run this whole time? You ended up in my territory and decided to stop by? That’s right. We were looking for a way to shake %char6%… I mean, the Spear Hero, off of our trail. We thought this might be a good place to hide out. I have something I’d like to ask you. I’ve heard that you set fires in the mountains around here to try and cover your tracks and escape from the Spear Hero. What really happened? Bitch. She did it all herself, but of course she blamed it on me. Your sister doesn’t hesitate for a second, does she? She did exactly what I thought she would. Sister… How could you…? So it’s not true? I thought so! Yeah, it wasn’t me. It was the princess that’s traveling with the Spear Hero. We were hiding from them in a bush, and I saw her set the fires myself. Nice Guy sighed deeply. How much worse could Bitch get?    Very well. I hope that I can be of some use to you… Do you have any other ideas? We are trying to meet with the queen, but we don’t know where to go. We’ve had to spend all our time trying to avoid %char6%, and so we aren’t making much progress. The noble stood there thinking for a moment before nodding. Very well. I think I’ve understood the situation. We’ll do whatever we can to help you. However, my own position is not exactly secure, so I’m not sure how much I can actually do. I’m not expecting much. Whatever you can do is a help. Besides, I didn’t really know how much we could trust him. I wasn’t planning on staying very long anyway. We’d just like to rest for a little bit. Oh, and do you know anything about what the other heroes are up to? %char6% wasn’t the only person we had to worry about. I had no idea what Ren or %char5% were up to—since they didn’t seem to be chasing us. It was best to try and figure out what they were doing. I was well aware of the possibility that the Church was watching Nice Guy closely, so once I had the information I wanted I planned on escaping as soon as I could. We had to cross a border too… I wanted to figure out the safest course we could take. Very well. I think I can find out how the other Heroes are occupying themselves. Please wait a little. We’re putting you at risk. We’ll leave in the morning. We’re leaving that quickly? Shouldn’t we rest up a little more? %char7% had to make sure we all knew how she felt about it. There’s a good chance they will come looking for us here. If we stay, we’ll put these people in danger. Yes… Well… Very well, I will look into the actions of the other Heroes, so please take this time to rest up. Thank you. I kind of wanted to rest for a few days… Ms. %char7%, you seem to have changed during your travels with the Shield Hero. What do you mean by that? Before, you always put duty first when you spoke. Your true emotions never made it past your official proclamations. I think the people will prefer the    new you. Nice Guy smiled at %char7%. He looked genuinely happy. That’s… That’s not true… What’s up, %char7%? Don’t listen to them, %char2%. This man has just decided to evaluate me. Oh… Nice guy turned to %char1%. How did %char7% used to behave? She always spoke very politely, and she always forced herself to be perfectly composed. She always behaved as though her position as princess was at the forefront of her mind. But as she’s been traveling with us, and with the Shield Hero, she’s begun to mature in a different direction. It has made me very happy to watch it happen. Sh… Shut up! Very polite… Yeah… that is how she was. I wonder what made her change. Don’t you think it’s your fault, Mr. %Name%? MY fault? I don’t think so. It wasn’t that traveling with me had changed her. It was that her true nature finally came to the surface. The outer skin had just been peeled back. Still, that’s not to say she was so bad. Compared to her father, Trash, and her pyromaniac sister, she was in a different category altogether. It’s your fault, %Name%! Oh, don’t go pinning that on me. You’re the one with arsonists in the family. Hysterical traits are inheritable, you know? What was that?! Are you seriously comparing me to my sister? I can’t STAND that! %char7% was glaring at me with fire in her eyes. She must have really hated her sister. Granted, she was impossible to like. Looking at it from that perspective, %char6% was very impressive, not that I’m trying to stick up for him or anything. Still, %char7% was her sister, so she was definitely working with some of the same material. I guess it just meant that she never developed a taste for the misery of others. That’s what I thought, anyway—but of course I wasn’t going to tell her that. Apologize. Oh fine. Fine! %char7%, you’re nothing like that fire demon sister of yours. There, happy?    You didn’t really mean it! You’re right. What?! She was starting to get on my nerves. Now, now… Relax. You know Mr. %Name%doesn’t mean the things he says in times like these. %char1%, acting like an enlightened angel, tried to calm %char7% down. %char2% was nodding along with her. What was up with these three? You’ve finished eating, so please go to your rooms and rest up. I should have all the information I’m going to get in the morning. He led us to our rooms, and we all started to relax. But everything had gone so smoothly that I couldn’t shake the remains of my doubt. I looked out the window at the town. Apparently there hadn’t been any poison in our food, but I wasn’t sure how far we could trust this guy. %Name%. Why don’t you relax a little? I made up my mind a while ago not to let my guard down in times like this. That’s what this world has taught me. But if you don’t rest, you’ll just get more and more tired out. I’ve had all my things stolen while I slept. If you don’t watch your back, people will betray you. Oh come on… Why can’t you just trust someone for once? Because of your sister and father! I understand that! I’m just saying you could try to trust a little more! Whatever. I will rest up as I see fit. You’re not the only one upset with Father and Sister! So just relax! Who else is? My mother. Before we parted ways, she would take paintings and statues of Father and Sister and burn them whenever they behaved this way. Well, you reap what you sow. If she doesn’t know how to choose a man, she doesn’t know how to raise a daughter. Are you speaking ill of my mother?! It’s been like this since %char7% started traveling with us. She was always freaking out about something. She even behaved this way knowing full well that people were after our very lives. If I let my guard down, she was going to get us all killed. Ok, Mr. %Name%. We will all keep watch while you get some rest. Huh? Oh… okay then. Why do you listen to everything that %char1% says?!    Because I trust %char1%. Oh, and you don’t trust me?! Not particularly… It’s just that we were in a situation where she couldn’t turn on us. People were after our lives, and she helped us in battle. It wasn’t that I didn’t trust her—not exactly. She behaved as she should, as the second princess and first heiress of the kingdom. So in that regard, I suppose I could trust her. But that is not what this was about. Sure, I’d been traveling with %char1% for much longer, but even setting that aside, %char1% was far more experienced than %char7%. Trust had a lot to do with that. Hey Mel! I want to check out the rest of this house! %char2% jumped into the conversation with something completely unrelated. Good idea. It might be good to go for a walk to improve my mood. Okay then, %char1%. %char2% and I are going for a walk around the house. An adventure! %char2% wanted her to say adventure, but %char7% just smiled, waved, and left the room. Finally—some quiet. When she left the room I realized how tired I really was. I lay down on the bed, trusted %char1% to keep watch, and drifted off to sleep. Urm… I could feel someone approaching. How long had I been sleeping? Ever since Bitch betrayed me, I’ve started to come out of my sleep whenever I feel someone approaching. If you get any closer, Mr. %Name%will wake up. But! But! I want to sleep with Master! %char2% must have returned from her adventure around the house. …Which must mean that %char7% was back too. Everything was so noisy these days… and I’d finally managed to fall asleep. You can’t. We already talked about this. But! Big Sister, you said that you slept with him once. You can get close while he’s still awake. You have to do it before he falls asleep. Okay, then I’ll ask him when he’s awake! …I don’t think he’ll like it.    %char1% really understood me. If someone approaches while I’m sleeping I won’t be able to get any real rest. Just like what was happening now. I was asleep, but I woke up when %char2% came over. …Yawwwwn. %char1% yawned deeply. She must be sleepy too. Ms. %char1%, you should get some sleep too. I’ll keep watch. Are you sure it’s okay? Leave it to me. Okay then. Good night. %char1% lay down on the next bed over, and it was only a minute before she was sleeping soundly. Shortly afterward, I could hear %char2% and %char7% whispering back and forth. %char7% kept trying to quiet %char2% down. Hey, %char2%. What? %char7% was whispering now. I know they were just talking about it, but it’s true. I used to always be very careful to speak politely. Yeah, Nice Guy had mentioned that. Sure, she had always used formal language before… was she trying to say that her real self was that polite character? But ever since I started talking with %Name%, my language has gotten more coarse… more vulgar. I used to be able to speak with him properly, but now all I do is complain… It kind of sounded like she was crying. Could it have been that hard for her? Earlier, when %Name%was telling me what to do, I even surprised myself. I sounded so hysterical… It’s like I’m not myself anymore! %char2%, am I… am I going crazy? Um… For the first time ever, %char2% didn’t seem to know what to say. %char7% had picked the wrong person to confide in. What kind of advice did she think that %char2% was capable of offering? %char1% might have been able to help, but %char2%? I could have gotten out of bed and talked with her, but she didn’t know that I was listening, and she would probably freak out if I stood up now. You pretended to sleep and eavesdropped on me?! …She’d say something like that. That would only make her worry more.    I don’t know what caused it, but it sounded like somehow, through spending time with me, %char7% had stumbled upon some kind of honesty switch, and now she couldn’t stop herself from complaining all the time. Best to let sleeping dogs lie. It wasn’t my problem to fix. Mel? What do you think of Master? Huh? What do you mean? Well, you only act that way to him, right? You’re still polite with other people. Maybe… Do you feel like you can say anything to him? Huh? Y… You think? Cause when I watch you talking to him, it looks like you are excited, like you are really into the conversation. Well, well. %char2% had really grown up. Did it mean that %char7%, that the REAL %char7%, was a hysterical psycho? Her place in the nobility had given her education, manners, and virtue—all the things she needed to hide her true self. But when she was with me, she couldn’t hide her inner bitch. Is that what %char2% wanted to say? Th… That’s not it at all! %char2%, don’t say things like that! Mel, I didn’t mean to say anything weird. Let’s both just let Master spoil us! What are you saying? That’s not me. It’s not? It sounded like they were about to get into an argument. This… this had to be a dream. %char7% wouldn’t talk that way. She wouldn’t sound so weak… That’s what I told myself. The next time I woke up, %char1% was sleeping in the other bed with %char2%, and %char7% was looking out the window. It was twilight. I raised myself up in bed, and %char7% looked over at me. She looked composed, meek. I had a flash of the dream again. You’re up. Yeah. Ready to switch shifts? I’m not that tired, so I’m fine. Okay. Still, I couldn’t picture the two of us just gazing out of the window in silence. The whole room was still, silent. Hey, %Name%?    What? I’ve been thinking about it since we got here. I’ve been thinking… maybe I should just ask this family to deliver me to my father. Really? It was true that we were being chased, but %char7% herself wasn’t accused of anything. The Crown was still treating all this as a kidnapping. Even if Trash had reassigned this noble family… if they delivered %char7% to Trash then she would be okay… maybe? Of course, she’d only be okay if they could get her into the castle and give her directly to Trash. Anyway, it would be more effective than meeting Trash with me. Maybe… I don’t want to drag you guys down… And I want to do what I should. She was really thinking—despite being so young. She needed to clear her name, and if she went back to Trash then she could prove my innocence too. If we could prove it was safe, then it might be a good idea. Of course, I already know that it will be dangerous. Still, it might be less dangerous than traveling with you, considering how my sister is on your tail. For %char7%, anyone connected to her sister was a sure source of danger. So traveling with us was a guaranteed series of dangerous battles. If that was true, then it really might be best for her to sneak back to Trash while we drew attention away from her. It wasn’t like we needed %char7% to be with us when we met with the queen anyway. It’s only an idea. Just keep it in mind. I know. You sure are thinking about things. Are you treating me like a child?! That’s not what I meant. I was just realizing how much you’ve thought it through. But you said it like… And there she was again, picking a fight with me. At the time, I had no way to know that we’d have to put her plan into action very soon. The catalyst was already on its way.       Dusk fell. I was looking out the window, and I saw a carriage drive onto the premises. %char7% and %char2% were off exploring the mansion—apparently they hadn’t seen much of it last time. %char1% was asleep. I woke her and told her to prepare for a fight. What was happening? A small, portly man jumped out of the carriage and knocked on the door of the mansion. He was followed by a large group of soldiers. A few minutes passed. Then came a knock on our bedroom door. It was the noble’s maid. What is it? You have to run away from here. I can see why. If you turn us over to them, I’ll kill you. I hadn’t completely rid myself of the nagging doubt that Nice Guy had invited us here as a trap. Depending on how she answered, I’d kick out the window and run. A noble family from a neighboring town began to suspect that the Shield Hero was hiding here. They’ve come to investigate. What? So that fat guy was a noble? It didn’t look like she was lying. Mr. %Name%. %char1% was trying to tell me something. I looked out the window. The fat man had tied up Nice Guy with ropes and was loading him into the carriage. Yeah. I guess he hadn’t been trying to trick me after all. He really had stood out. It looked like he had been watched, and now they were carting him off. What should we do? If I kicked out the window and ran, that would only put Nice Guy in further danger. Please, think of my master. Is there no way that you can escape from here without being detected? The maid was standing in the doorway, pleading. She was right. For Nice Guy to stand a chance, we’d have to sneak out without getting caught. If you don’t hurry, the soldiers will find you. You can still make it out the    back door. Please… Where are %char2% and %char7%? Both of them are preparing to run. Fine. But if this is a trap of some kind, I’ll make sure that you suffer for it. We quickly collected our things, opened the door, and made for the back door the maid was pointing to. The kitchen was between the door and us. Hide in here! The maid felt someone approaching, and she stuffed us into to a secret servant room. A second later, and we could hear people talking on the other side of the door. There you are. Are you hiding something? A man was speaking, but I didn’t recognize his voice. It was probably one of the soldiers working with the noble from the next town over. I have a feeling that the Shield Demon is nearby. Get over here! Ahh! The maid screamed. Please wait! The kitchen is our… Shut up! Are you going to stand in the way of our orders?! The maid screamed, and the soldier laughed. It was disgusting. Anyway, we have reason to believe the Shield Demon is in this mansion. You will stand aside and let us investigate. I could hear their footsteps moving off into the distance. It didn’t seem like they were coming back to the kitchen… but still. It would not be good if they found us. Where were %char2% and %char7%? Even if we found them… We couldn’t run away and leave them here. I prepared for the worst and turned to %char1%. She placed her hand on the hilt of the sword at her waist. She was ready. If it were a numbers game, we’d lose. But that didn’t mean we couldn’t win. I didn’t want to get Nice Guy hurt, but… The door in front of us rattled. Someone grabbed the doorknob and a shaft of light appeared at the doorframe. The younger princess is over there! I heard someone shout. I am the second Princess of Melromarc, %char7% Melromarc! What are you doing with all these soldiers?! That was %char7%. She was speaking with grave authority.    It wasn’t that hysterical voice she used when she spoke with me. I could tell what she was thinking. I couldn’t hear %char2% at all, which meant that they must have split up. The door clicked shut again. What should we do? They’d found %char7%. Should we jump out of the room and save her? Where is the Shield Demon?! The soldier was shouting at %char7%. Silence! Who do you think you are addressing?! I believe it’s the little Princess %char7%. I heard him shuffle his ankles together. Ah… %char1% had to clamp a hand over her mouth to remain silent. What was going on? %char1%’s face was very pale, and thick globs of sweat were streaming down her shaking face. Are you okay? I whispered to her, but she just nodded. She was still shaking. She certainly didn’t look okay. Have you been playing hide and seek here? Can you tell me where the Shield Demon is? I’m sorry to tell you that the Shield Hero is not here. What does that mean? I begged him. ‘Please, please,’ I said. ‘Please leave me here and escape.’ I told him that I would stay in Melromarc and clear his name. Was she trying to do what she’d talked about earlier? That was too reckless! Very well, that makes sense. So, Princess, you are here alone. And the Shield Demon is not here? That’s correct. And I have no idea where he went. Did you all search the mansion?! Y…Yes! We didn’t find them! The man who’d been talking to %char7%, the noble from the next town, sighed in frustration. Then I suppose we have no other choice. Princess %char7%, please come with us. Very well. They continued speaking, but they had walked away, and I could no longer hear them. Were they just going to take %char7%? Were we just going to leave her? Mr. %Name%.    Yeah. I reached for the door. The Shield Hero is not here! %char7% exclaimed loudly. She must have thought that we were hiding nearby. Had she sensed that we were about jump out of hiding? Damn... If we jumped out now, did that mean we were going against %char7%’s wishes? I would very much like to speak with my father to clear all this up. Please bring me to the castle immediately. First I would like you to accompany me to my mansion. Then we will decide how to proceed. Everything is in accordance with God’s plan. %char7% gasped. The man had explained himself enough. There was nothing left to hold me back! I went to open the door, only to find that the Maid was standing there to block it. Please, you must not ignore the wishes of the princess. If you don’t, my master will only receive a worse punishment. But we can prove our innocence— The maid went right on talking. Please, at the very least, wait until she’s shown that my master has nothing to do with the Shield Hero. Right. If they found out that Nice Guy was harboring us, they’d kill him right on the spot. We were a small group, so we still had some flexibility. If we pulled Nice Guy and everyone into things, then it would be much harder to act. So if we wanted to give Nice Guy a good chance of surviving this, we’d have to swing back around later to pick up %char7%. That would prove that he hadn’t been involved. I hated betraying someone as much as I hated being betrayed. It was easy enough to say it, but I owed him. I didn’t want him to suffer needlessly on my account. My master was able to find out some information for you. The Spear Hero is currently looking for the Shield Hero far away from here. The Sword and Bow Heroes are also nowhere nearby. %char6% wasn’t our only enemy. The nobility scattered around the country was going to be a real problem. The maid slowly opened the door. Where is %char2%? Did she go with %char7%?    The blonde girl who was with the princess? She wasn’t with %char7% when she was discovered. We went around Nice Guy’s mansion looking for %char2%. I swear—you’d think it was bad enough that %char7% was taken away. But now %char2% was missing too. So where did we find her? She was hiding up in the attic. I called for her but she kept hiding. I didn’t see any other option, so I activated the monster control magic and got her to come out. At least she hadn’t run far. Ouch! Master! You’re the worst! No, YOU are. You should have come when I called. He’s right, %char2%! What were you doing?! %char1% scolded her, but %char2% answered with a smile on her face. Huh? Where is Mel? You didn’t notice? Huh? After everything got loud and crazy, Mel said we should play hide and seek. So I hid. Mel said that I shouldn’t come out for anyone. %char2% didn’t understand what had happened… If we left %char7% and made for the border, if we found asylum in another country, then we might be able to find some way to fix all this. %char7% must have known that she’d be killed if the Church got its hands on her. If she was going to survive, Shadow would have to intervene. From what the nobleman had said, it seemed reasonable to assume that he was connected with the Church. He’d either kill her himself, or he’d give her to %char6% and Bitch, and then they would kill her. The guy wasn’t a fool. He must have realized that %char7% wasn’t being totally honest with him. He probably wanted to lure us out of hiding. He might torture Nice Guy. If we left %char7% and ran away, our chances of meeting the queen seemed pretty good. That’s what %char7% had done. She’d given us more time to escape. Now I just had to decide what to do with that time. Should I tell myself that I wasn’t abandoning her? Should I prioritize our lives over hers? %char7% was Bitch’s sister. Still, she’d never betrayed my trust. She’d actually put herself in danger to buy us more time, to give us a chance to survive.    There was only one thing to do. Even if it was dangerous, I had to do what I could for someone who’d believed in me. I had to save her. %char2%, I need you to listen very carefully. Okay. What? %char7% was taken away. She went with them to protect us. What?! %char2% quickly processed what had happened, turned into her %char2%lial Queen form, and was ready to run. Wait. Where are you going? I’m going to save Mel! I turned to Nice Guy’s maid. I just want to check. Where did they take her? Probably to the mansion in the next town. It’s not very far away, but I imagine that they have already arrived. I was familiar with the area from my peddling days. She was right. The next town was very close. Everyone there had been mean to %char1%, and we didn’t sell anything, so we had moved on quickly. At the time, we’d had a lot of eyes on us when we made our way into the town. They’d been very concerned with our entry—but they made it very easy to leave. I hadn’t really understood why at the time, but now it all seemed clear enough. I remembered that, even though demi-humans were treated poorly all over Melromarc, the discrimination had been especially bad in that town. I didn’t know all that much about Melromarc, but it seemed to be that way. Another explanation might be the notable difference in power between the nobility in that town versus the nobility in this town. I remember the neighboring town being much larger. To be honest, the town we were hiding out in was more of a little village. Looking around at the state of the houses, I nodded to myself. Yeah, this place didn’t have the same authority as the other town. I’d heard something about the nobility in that town too… There was some sort of legend associated with the place… What was it? It had something to do with a previous hero defeating a monster and sealing it away… I remembered that they’d made some kind of attraction out of the site. Do you have a sketch of the mansion they took Mel to? We know someone that has been there many times. Maybe you could    listen to their description of the place and make a map of sorts? That was a good idea. Better to trust those who had already been there. Shortly afterwards, I had a simple map in my hand. The mansion was three stories tall, and built around a central courtyard. They said that %char7% was probably being held in a room near the back of the second floor. Got it. I’m sorry about all this. We’re leaving now. %char2%, %char1%, let’s go. Okay! Yes! The owner of this mansion, Nice Guy, had been taken too. I didn’t want to put him in any more danger than he already was. What could I do? I couldn’t let them know that he had helped us… I’d have to say that we had come to take %char7% from him. I’d have to get them to think that Nice Guy had somehow taken %char7% from us. If I couldn’t convince them, they might torture him to death. This town had a reputation in Melromarc for being full of demi-humans. I had to do what I could to protect it. A few moments later, and we were chasing after the carriage that had taken %char7%. Damn… The demi-humans around Nice Guy’s town were out in the streets and agitated. Nice Guy must have meant a lot to them. If I told them all that I was the Shield Hero, they might have jumped in to help, but at the same time I didn’t want to involve more people than necessary. Besides, if it became common knowledge that Nice Guy had been harboring us, he’d only end up in worse trouble than he already was. If I went with just %char1% and %char2%, the small size of our group would give us flexibility and speed—both of which were necessary if we wanted to stand a chance of saving %char7%. Soon enough, I was riding on %char2%’s back, and we had jumped over the wall and snuck into the neighboring town. Luckily, thanks to %char1%’s magic, we’d been able to deepen the darkness of night and sneak in undetected. Think it’s that big mansion over there? There was a large hill in the center of town, and a large mansion stood on    the top of it. It only seemed natural that the governor would live there. Yeah… That’s got to be it. %char1% silently nodded. What’s wrong? It’s nothing. %char1% was definitely acting strange. I didn’t notice the last time we passed through here. But now… now I’m sure. What do you mean, Big Sister? We were still perched on the wall around town. %char1% was glaring at the mansion. She looked very agitated. I’ll make it darker. Then we should hurry up and make our approach. If we don’t hurry, who knows what will happen? %char1% cast a spell to darken our surroundings, and we made our way to the mansion by jumping from roof to roof. I couldn’t be sure that no one had seen us. But then again, who walks around town at night looking up at the roofs? It doesn’t look like any of the town guards have noticed us yet. You think they would be on closer guard, considering the situation with the princess. I think it is because, at nighttime, these nobles do things that they can’t tell others about. Even if they heard that you were approaching, I doubt they’d be able to respond very quickly. What are you talking about? What do you know? Yes… This town is different from other places. The nobility here don’t want the guards to keep too close of a watch. Are you talking about what happened when you were a slave? Yes. %char1% silently nodded. This nobleman… He was the one that had tortured her… the one who had finally broken her spirit. If a guy like that had his hands on %char7%… who knows what he was capable of? Did you hear that, %char2%? If we don’t hurry, %char7% will be in trouble. Yeah! Let’s go save her! On %char2%’s back, we jumped over the mansion’s fence. Woof! Woof! Monsters that had been raised to guard the premises had noticed a strange smell on the wind. They were basically oversized guard dogs. They were called Guardia. They were black creatures with fangs like    wolves. There was some kind of device on their backs that emitted a noise like a whistle. Their barking and the whistling were enough to alert the dullest of guards to our presence. Shut up! Hawooooo! A Guardia came running for us, but %char2% reared back and kicked it across the face. It flew through the air, silent. %char2% was taking out monsters quicker than they could bark. It was kind of scary. What was that? Drawn by the noise, a guard came running. What the— hey! I’m sorry! Please be quiet! %char1% quickly jammed the hilt of her sword into his stomach, knocking him out. Everyone seemed perfectly accustomed to what they were doing. We were like robbers. Master, we have to hurry. We got a quick sketch of the place, but… %char1%? Do you know your way around? All I really know is the basement. Do you think they are keeping %char7% there? %char1% said nothing but shook her head. This nobleman was the kind of person who took joy from the torture of demi-humans. If he had access to the second princess of Melromarc, would he torture her? The answer seemed clear: yes. We had to find some way into the building. I stopped to think. Our immediate goal was rescuing %char7%. There were no other heroes around. Any soldiers of the Crown that happened to be in the area should be easy enough for us to take care of. Or so I was thinking when the gate of the mansion swung open. A large group of guards came rushing out. What’s that? %char2%, do you see? In response to %char1%’s question, %char2% rose up onto her toes and turned to the crowd of guards. Behind us, at the wall surrounding the town, I could see the flickering light    of torches, and smoke was rising from the town gate. Huh? Are they, um… fighting? Who? Who’s fighting who? Um… The demi-humans and the soldiers? So the demi-human adventurers were so upset that Nice Guy had been taken they teamed up and came after him. The soldiers mistakenly believed that I was leading them. I had to find some way to put this situation to use. Perfect timing. All the soldiers have come out and are running to the battle at the gate. Before they can come back, we are going straight through the front door and saving %char7%! Yeah! Huh? Mr. %Name%, are you sure we shouldn’t sneak in? We can take these soldiers. They’re weak. You know we can take them. Both %char1% and %char2% were at level 40, and that was the highest level they could get to without going through a class-up ceremony. But I had seen the soldiers fighting during the wave. They were not nearly strong enough to defeat %char1% or %char2%. If they came after us, we’d take them out. If they attacked the mansion, we’d take them out. We need to have the first move. Think about it. We are running away from the Crown to meet with the queen. If none of the heroes are nearby, we can get away with causing a little fuss. That makes sense. Okay! Let’s go! Boing! At my signal, %char2% bounded forward, kicked out a window, and jumped into the house. Don’t hold back, %char2%! Just keep charging! You can knock down the walls if you have to! Still, we needed to go slow enough to make sure we found the room where they were keeping %char7%. The sketch seemed to indicate that she’d been on the second floor—but that could be wrong. %char2%, you just keep breaking things! %char1% and I will keep looking for %char7%. Okay! %char2% turned left and charged down a hallway. I turned to the courtyard, ran through it, and made for the second floor. On my way through the courtyard, I noticed a strange boulder of sorts.    What was it? Some kind of gravestone? Who would put a gravestone in their garden? This guy had issues. Granted, he tortured people in his basement for fun. There was no use in trying to understand him. I could hear %char2% crashing through the house. Now we just had to wait and see how the nobleman would respond. If he noticed the excitement, what would he imagine the cause to be? Sure, he might deduce that it was the Shield Hero coming after him to take back %char7%. If that’s what he thought, he’d probably make a hostage of her. The other possibility he might think of was that the demi-humans were revolting after he took Nice Guy. If that’s what he thought, he’d probably make a hostage of Nice Guy. It was like we were participating in the demi-human revolt. Sure, once he saw %char2% he would figure it out soon enough. Mr. %Name%! Over here! %char1% had made it through the courtyard and was pointing to a hallway. There was a door at the end of it. This door leads down to the basement. Do you think he’s keeping %char7% down there? No. But he might be keeping a captured slave down there. Do you think we have the time to save them? It will only make more trouble. But still… I… If there was a slave down there, they were definitely demi-human. Before she met me, %char1% experienced true horrors down there. I heard about the terrible things he’d done. She must have wanted to save her past self, her old friends. We didn’t have the time. But if we could free them, we might be able to save a life. At least that’s what I thought %char1% was thinking. Fine. But we have to save %char7% first. The enemy probably knows that we are here. Okay! There was a loud crash, and a series of explosive booms. What was %char2% getting up to? Melllllllll!! %char2%’s voice was echoing through the mansion. Yeah, no one was going to give %char2% any trouble.    Considering that the other heroes weren’t around, I figured it was safe to assume that %char2% could handle herself. Take care of the intruders! A few guards were running for us. They looked ready for a fight. The… The Shield Demon! Tell the governor! %char1%! Yes! She drew her sword and ran for the guards. I followed her. The foolish guards drew their swords and came after me. I was currently using the Chimera Viper Shield. As the Shield Hero, I didn’t have the ability to attack. But I WAS able to use counter attacks. The Chimera Viper Shield had a counter effect called Snake Fang (medium). It meant that whenever successfully blocking an enemy’s attack, the snake on the shield would animate and sink its fangs into the enemy. It also poisoned them. Damn! That shield is so hard… Is it… Is it moving?! Argh! As I just explained, the snake on my shield lashed out and bit deep into the soldier who’d attacked me. Once poisoned by Snake Fang (medium), you had to be careful. It you weren’t, the poison could kill you. You better get the hell out of here and find yourself some antidote. If you don’t, that’ll kill you. That’s what he got for assuming I couldn’t hurt him. Ugh… Damn the Shield Demon! The other soldiers picked up their poisoned comrade and backed away. I could have gone after them and taken them down—but our goal was saving %char7%, not killing soldiers. Nice Guy had only been protecting %char7%. The Shield Hero had nothing to do with it… but that was getting harder to believe by the minute. Especially now that the demi-humans Nice Guy fought for were revolting. Still, I had to do what I could. I turned on the fleeing soldiers and shouted at them like a madman. Where is Princess %char7%?! And don’t even think about lying to me! I don’t care if she’s here or there, but mark my words: we’re taking her back! The soldiers agreed to take us to %char7%. When we got there, %char2% was locked in a death-stare with the plump nobleman.    The fat guy was holding a knife to %char7%’s throat. He held her tight against himself so that %char2% couldn’t get any closer. Nice Guy was collapsed on the floor between them. He looked like he had been tortured. %char7% looked like she had been crying. This guy was evil. Governor! You fools! Who told you to bring the Shield Demon here?! You’ve betrayed me! Aren’t you haughty? %char2% had apparently made it all this way by herself, so he couldn’t have had many guards. Mel! %char2%! Stay back! I made up my mind! This man… He’s going to take me to meet with my father. Do you think he will really take you there? … %char7% was silent in response to my question. Had this guy been a healthy person, he might have kept his promise. But how could I forget that, when he loaded her into his carriage, he said, Everything was in accordance to God’s plan? He was probably a fanatic. The national religion in Melromarc was the Church of the Three Heroes, and they were the ones who’d had me framed. If I gave %char7%’s idea credence for a second and assumed that the king really didn’t know what had been happening, how would he behave when he found out? And if this guy was part of the Church, then it was doubtful he was really going to take her straight to the castle. Ha, ha, ha! I dare you to take a single step! This knife might slip into the princess’s throat! So we’re okay as long as we don’t take a step? What? Air Strike Shield! I sent the skill so that the shield appeared between the nobleman and %char7%, forming a wall. Wh…?! Now! Yes! The shield had forcibly separated %char7% from the nobleman. Noticing the small gap, %char2% immediately ran over to him and planted a firm kick into his    groin. Ugh! The fat man flew backwards and slammed into the wall. %char1%! Yes! In a flash, %char1% was at %char7%’s side. She checked to make sure that %char7% was unharmed. Finish the job! Take him out! Mr. %Name%. I completely understand how you feel, but I believe we should first see to %char7% and the other man’s wounds. %char2% has taken care of the fat man for now. Has she? Yeah, I held back a little because Mel was so close. But that fat guy is kind of strong. He was a nobleman after all. He had probably gone through the class-up ceremony. I ran to Nice Guy’s side. He had wounds. I immediately began chanting healing spells over him. Then I held him close and pulled him up, whispering into his ear: I’m sorry. We’ve brought you so much trouble. Remember, you had nothing to do with us. If they find out that you helped us, they might torture you further. I’m… sorry for everything. Don't worry… That man, he… he had no intention of letting me live. I am just happy that the demi-humans have this chance for freedom. Oh… I negotiated all that I could. Please… Stop it. Good. I wasn’t planning on crying myself to sleep anyway. Still, once word got out that I’d raised a hand against a Melromarc nobleman… that would only put me in a worse situation than I already was. I still held out hope that Ren and %char5% would eventually figure out the truth. In the meantime, I really wasn’t happy about being vilified even further than I already was. The guards looked over at the fat man and made various expressions of shock. I finished my first aid work on Nice Guy and helped him to his feet. He turned to %char7% and smiled at her. Both Princess %char7% and the Shield Hero have treated me so kindly. Of course there was nothing to those rumors about you…    If you hang out with us, you’ll only get wrapped up in more of these bad situations. I didn’t need any other party members. He was clearly not skilled in battle —and it’s not like I was all-powerful. I couldn’t guarantee his safety. I understand. I will simply rely on my connections to keep me hidden and safe until all of this blows over. Good idea. Excellent. It was a relief to hear him say that. I’d been worried that we had ruined his life. %char1% checked to make sure that both %char7% and Nice Guy were okay, and then she turned and glared at the collapsed nobleman. Her tail stood on end, and it was clear to %char2%, %char7%, and I that she was livid. You… How could you do this to me? Torture is not a suitable punishment for your like. I’ll see to it that you pay with your very lives! All the demi-humans who have died at your hands could say the very same thing. %char1% said it coolly. She slipped her sword from its scabbard. Could they? The disgusting creatures, they aren’t even human! They sneak into my town… It’s like they are begging for death! Yes. That’s how it was. That’s the sort of man you were. Huh? Do you… do you know me? That’s right! I remember you. You’re that slave I disposed of. Yes. We spent a lot of time together. Heh, heh… And look at you now. You’ve teamed up with the Shield Demon. I can still remember your crying face, your shouts of pain. They brought me so much satisfaction. Now I see… You’ve come back to me. You wish to taste desperation again! No. %char1% turned back to look at me. Then she returned her gaze to the nobleman. Her sword appeared to be softly glowing. She had an illusion sword. She was able to hide herself, appearing behind the enemy to attack. She had an attack like that anyway… but her sword seemed to be pulsing with another power all together. I’m not a strong enough person to help you, Mr. %Name%. That’s why I… I never rid myself of this need for revenge. I had warned her before, but I had never stopped her. She was always a very kind girl, but I’d known for a while that something    wasn’t quite right. That’s it. I’d completely forgotten. %char1% had wanted to get revenge on someone. If she wanted revenge, I wanted to help her. I wanted to help. Even if it wasn’t right, even if it wasn’t the ethical thing to do, I wanted to stand on %char1%’s side. That day—that time when Bitch and %char6% and Trash were all against me, when everyone was blaming me and hating me, she’d stood up for me. She’d protected me. She’d saved me. And now the man that hurt her was right there in front of me. I couldn’t forgive him. I… I’m not like you, Mr. %Name%, I can’t protect anyone. I know that nothing I do will bring back my village. But I… She pointed her sword at the fat man. If I don’t stop you, right now, then what happened to me and Rifana will happen to other children. I cannot let that happen! Heh… So the demi-human turns her fangs on me? Fine. I’ll make sure you understand your folly! The nobleman took a whip from a guard and readied it. So he fought with a whip? Something about the whip felt bad… felt wrong. Master! I don’t like that whip he’s got! %char2% and %char7% came running to my side. Heh, heh… This whip has been absorbing the blood of demi-humans for years. I doubt that even the Shield Demon can stand up to it. Wow… so it was like a cursed object? It seemed like the kind of weapon that would curse you if a hit connected. Take this! The nobleman swung the whip. %char1% and I ducked under it before it cracked. The room was too small for %char2% to maneuver, so she turned into her human form and protected %char7%. Nice Guy ducked under the swinging whip too. Damn. The room was small enough that he could cover most of it with that whip. Ugh! The whip accidentally connected with one of the guards. His armor warped dramatically before he threw up blood and collapsed to    the floor. It was just a whip, but it seemed to have an enormous attack power. We’d better avoid it. G…Governor? What are you doing? Kill the Shield Demon! Y…Yes sir! The guards came running at us. %char1% swung her sword wide, and they fell. You’re in my way! %char1% turned and dodged the whip. Then a guard thrust his sword at her. Defending with her own sword, she turned, twisted, and then flicked her wrist. The guard’s sword went flying and stuck itself into the ceiling. Ah… While the guard was processing his newly emptied hand, %char1% delivered a roundhouse kick to his stomach, and he flew into his master. You worthless trash! If this were a war zone, you’d be dead! The nobleman was clearly agitated now. He kept swinging his whip and trying to hit %char1%. But she dodged it and turned her sword on him. Ugh! She’d dodged the whip, but it continued to swing in an arc before getting caught on the leg of a table. It swung there, turning, and the tip flew toward %char1%’s back. He really knew how to use the thing. To use it in such a small space, and then to use tricks like that—he obviously had a lot of experience with the whip. Nice try! Air Strike Shield! I read the trajectory of the whip and deployed an Air Strike Shield to block it before it could hit %char1%. Move! Damn… The whip just wrapped around the shield and kept flying in %char1%’s direction. It moved like a snake. It wrapped around %char1%’s sword, and almost wrapped around her wrists. But she dropped her sword before it could and jumped back to get some distance. Well, you’ve got determination. I’ll give you that. But do you think you can fight me barehanded?    Barehanded… %char1% was very strong. But was she strong enough to take down this nobleman without a weapon? I didn’t think so. I was worried. The fat man snapped the whip and %char1%’s sword flew into his hand. He brandished it against us. %char1% avoided his thrust with a deft backbend then pulled out the other sword at her waist… the magic sword. She held it out at him, but there was no blade there, just an empty hilt. The magic sword had been a present from the old guy at the weapon shop— it was pure magic fashioned into the shape of a sword. I’m not barehanded. The nobleman burst into laughter. What are you going to do with a toy sword?! But he was forgetting something important. I wasn’t just going to sit back and watch them. Don’t think it’ll go so smoothly! I reached out and grabbed his whip. My hand felt strange. It was like the whip was burning me. Pain pulsed into my hand. I knew the thing was cursed. You must be a very foolish Shield Hero to reach for my whip! You think? It’s not so bad. It was burning me, but I could handle the pain. And since you’re focusing on me… I can attack! %char1%’s magic sword suddenly had a blade, and she quickly directed an overhead swing at him. Whoops! The nobleman abandoned his whip and jumped back to avoid her thrust. You’re pretty quick. Not as quick as I am, though! He was small and plump, but he really was pretty powerful. Judging from how he knocked out that guard with one hit, he should be fighting in the waves by himself. %char7% looked to Nice Guy. That man… He fought with my father a long time ago in a war against the demi-humans. I was starting to get it. So he used to be a military man. That would explain his strength and resolve. And if he had been in a war against the demi-humans, he probably knew more about battle than we did—considering that we had only ever really battled    with monsters. But don’t think that taking care of my whip means you’re going to win this. That’s my line. I might not be able to attack on my own, but %char1% here is more than powerful enough. Heh. If you would make a demi-human your party member, then you are obviously not taking this seriously enough. %char1%. Yes! She nodded deeply then held her hands over the point of her sword. The blade started to glow brighter. %char2%! %char1% called for %char2%. What? To take this guy down, I need both you and %char7% to chant magic spells. Okay! C’mon, Mel! But… Oh, all right! Confused about something, %char7% looked from the nobleman to the rest of us. Then she nodded, apparently having made some decision, and began to focus on her magic. What’s this? The Shield Demon really must have brain washing powers. To think he would use the princess as a pawn! I have not been brain washed. I believe that your behavior is evil, and so I will punish you as the princess. You fool… I am the source of all power. Hear my words and heed them. Shoot him with a ball of water! Zweite Aqua Shot! I am the source of all power. Hear my words and heed them. Cut him with the blade of sky! Zweite Wing Cutter! %char7% and %char2% cast their spells at nearly the same moment. A ball of water shot from %char7%’s hands, and a blade of air shot from %char2%’s. Both flew at the nobleman. Ha! The nobleman dodged %char2%’s blade, then produced another whip from somewhere and knocked the ball of water off course. Now!    While he was avoiding the spells he left a weak spot unattended. %char1% readied her sword and ran at him. You think that will do me in? He cracked the whip at her. I wouldn’t let that happen. I stepped forward and swung the whip I’d taken from him, catching the tip of his new whip in mid-flight. What?! Hiyaaaaa! Aligning her timing with my own, %char1% let out a shout. Using her foot, she flipped a sword that the guard had dropped into the air and caught it. Then she readied her magic sword like a javelin and threw it at the nobleman. It plunged deep into his chest. The magic sword can nullify its opponent’s magic. She’d used it to knock out Bitch before, so it should have had some kind of effect. Ugh… not yet! No, it’s over! HIYAAAAAAAA! There was a dull sound, and suddenly %char1%’s sword was buried to the hilt in the nobleman’s shoulder. Noooooo! Damn you! You think it’s all right for a demi-human to hurt me?! I survived the demi-human war! You fought demi-humans in the war? Then save your complaints for the war. You’re not in a war anymore. I’ll never forgive you! I’ll kill you! You’re a coward! You only attack people weaker than yourself! What were the demi-humans you fought like? The ones I know were all women and children. Disadvantaged people! Don’t talk to me about how you fought them! Still incensed, she pushed him to the window, broke it, and pushed him out. As he fell, she let her sword stay in him, but kept her grip on the magic sword and the blade pulled from his falling body.     AAAAAHHHHHH! NOOOOOOOOOO! I immediately dropped both of the whips and watched the nobleman plunge through the window. That was close. If I’d waited, the whips would have pulled me through the window with him. The… The governor lost to the Shield Demon! The remaining guards all quickly ran away. I’ll get that flag back… the flag from that day… %char1% stood in the window, whispering to the sky. She then recovered herself and ran over to me. Are you all right? Huh? Yeah. No problem. We still had a little holy water left over from treating %char1%’s curse. The curse itself wasn’t so bad. The holy water would be sufficient to heal it. I went to the window and looked down at the courtyard. The nobleman was lying there, face turned to the sky. I think he was… dead? When I thought about the things that %char1% had told me... how he’d tortured demi-humans, it seemed like a fitting end. Okay. If we hang around here we’ll get caught up in the confusion. We’d better be on our way. But first… Ah… right. First we had to save any demi-humans he’d imprisoned. That was what %char1% wanted, so I wanted it too. I turned to Nice Guy and made a request. This man used to buy demi-human slaves and keep them in his basement so that he could torture them. Unfortunately that is not such a rare thing in this country. It could be that… Even if we saved them, we are on the run. I don’t think we will be able to provide the things they need while we are running from the Crown. I know it’s a lot to ask, but… I knew that I was asking too much. I was putting him in further danger. But if I was going to grant %char1%’s request, there was no other option. I understand your situation. I will do anything I can to help you. Nice Guy smiled.    He hadn’t lied to us yet, so I didn’t see any choice but to trust him. It will be okay. I have many demi-human allies, and I know that they will help me. That’s good to hear. %char1% led us to the basement room. The door was locked, but %char2% used her powerful legs to kick the door down. The second we walked in, we were overcome by a powerful stench. It was the same smell that came from the slave-trader’s tent. It was that smell of death and decay that told you to keep your distance. This… this wasn’t good. I have a bad feeling about this… %char2% looked really worried. %char7% was shaking, obviously scared. Then she settled herself and seemed ready to accept whatever we found. It’s a little further. We walked down the stairs in the dark and came to the basement. It was filled with various torture instruments. I saw a skeleton in the corner. How many people had met their ends here? I turned to see %char1% praying before a small skeleton in the corner. This girl was… She was a friend from my village. Her name was Rifana, and… %char1% was looking down at the skeleton. She seemed about to cry, and turned her face away. They must have been close. Rifana was a bright, happy girl. She liked to talk about legends. Listening to %char1%, %char7% looked ready to cry herself. She was the princess of this country. It must have been hard to see this kind of misery happen within her own borders. So much tragedy could be blamed on the waves, but this was different. This was nothing more than an evil man taking advantage of the chaos around him. Really, everyone around here seemed rotten to the core. She was more girly than me… She was so nice… I’m sorry. To think of the end that %char1%’s friend had met… It made me sad. Had things been different, we might have met when she was alive. We might have been friends. She always said that she wanted to marry someone like the Shield Hero.    … But her dream never came true. She’d died in this cold basement. Just thinking about it filled me with rage. She probably wanted to live. She probably died wishing for escape. He’d done this to her simply because she was a demi-human. I couldn’t even imagine what went through his mind. I don’t know what kind of person I was in comparison to the children that died here. But I could say one thing: We avenged them. What should we do with them? Should we take them? We could take their bones and give them a proper funeral somewhere. Yes… It’s too cold and sad here. You’re right. We silently picked up the bones and put them into a bag. Were there any slaves? Yes. Nice Guy answered from the back of the room. After we’d gathered the bones, we made our way to the back of the room. The slave was covered with bruises and cuts. It looked like he’d been badly tortured. His eyes were devoid of life. He looked to be around 10 years old, and he had dog-like ears. Despite being a boy, he was kind of cute. You know how some guys are like girls when they are only 10 years old? Who are you? That voice… Who’s that? Do you know him? Yes. Keel, that’s you, isn’t it? Who are you? How do you know my name? Did you forget me? I’ve grown a little since we last saw each other. It’s me, %char1%. What?! Keel raised his head in surprise. It can’t be. %char1% is shorter than me. She’s not some tall beautiful woman. I mean, she was cute and all… Keel was muttering to himself like a dead man. You’d pretend to be a friend?! Why? How are you trying to trick me?! His eyes filled with tears. He was overcome with despair. He was just like    %char1% when I’d met her. I’ll prove it to you then. Two months before the wave came, you went to the beach looking for a pretty shell. You wanted to surprise your dad for his birthday. But you nearly drowned, and Sadeena had to jump in and save you… He seemed to smile, like the memory brought him joy. It did seem like the sort of thing that only the real %char1% would know. Could it be?! %char1%… He was looking her over very carefully. It’s me… Do you remember eating that poisonous mushroom out in the field? You got sick and hid so that no one would know! I found you that day, and you told me to keep it a secret. You were shaking… Ahhh! Yes! I believe you! It’s you! %char1%! Finally, the slave, Keel, recognized %char1%. %char1%… Why are you so big? Why are you so pretty? Even if you knew that demi-humans grew as they leveled up, seeing it with your own eyes was another thing. %char1% had been so small when I found her. I was shocked when she grew up before my eyes. Had I grown up with her myself, it would have been all the more surprising. I’m actually Mr. %Name%… The Shield Hero’s slave right now. What?! Keel, the demi-human slave, looked at me. But he was so weak that he couldn’t lock his sight onto one thing. I must have looked blurry to him. I reached into my pocket for some ointment and made to treat his wounds. Don’t touch me! It’s okay. Relax. This is medicine. Next he would need some nutritional medicine. I knew that I really shouldn’t use it in situations like this, but I couldn’t ignore a crisis right before my eyes. I had to help him. Not that I was actually a holy saint with a beautiful heart or anything, but this was %char1%’s friend. Ugh… He resisted at first, but he realized I wasn’t trying to hurt him, and he slowly drank the medicine. My shield had many strange powers. One of them increased the efficacy of medicines. In times like this, I was grateful for how useful it was. He looked a little better already. A little color returned to his cheeks. I wasn’t very good with recovery magic. I had been able to treat his    wounds, but he hadn’t recovered any energy. Realizing that he was safe, he suddenly fell forward, exhausted, and began to snore. I cannot believe that my country allowed this to happen. %char7% whispered to herself. I’d watched my mother work in other countries, so I thought that I understood demi-humans and humans. But this… I… I cannot forgive this. You have to be a little more hysterical. Why not scream, ‘I CAN NEVER FORGIVE THIS!’ That would be more like you. That’s not who I really am! Just what kind of person do you take me for?! %char7% suddenly realized what she was doing and clamped her hands over her mouth. Sometimes you get hysterically angry, and your face gets all red. That’s you, %char7%. What was that?! Okay. We can’t stay here forever. Let’s get going. Nice Guy picked Keel up and held him over his shoulder. We turned and left the basement. We talked as we climbed the stairs. First we need to focus on getting out of town. It’s not like we can all fit on %char2%’s back. It was hard enough to fit three of us on there, much less five. Why don’t we have %char2% take the nobleman, Keel, and %char7% out of here first? Good idea. They could jump over the wall and get out easily. The town entrance still seemed to be embroiled in an uproar. What was going on? I was wondering that when I noticed blood pooling on the stairs. I followed it up and saw that it was coming from the courtyard, and the blood continued out to… What?! What is it? I was silently pointing to the courtyard. %char1% understood and nodded. Ah, ha, ha, ha! Now I finally have a way to kill you! The nobleman who’d fallen from the second floor, the nobleman we thought was dead, was standing there, laughing. Dammit! What’s next? The nobleman’s shoulder was bleeding profusely. He was facing the gravestone-like boulder, chanting some kind of spell.    This wasn’t good. Keel was still that man’s slave—which meant he could use the slave seal to kill him. What should we do? We’d just managed to save %char1%’s friend. If he died now then it was all for nothing But the slave curse didn’t need a spell to work. He could just order him to die, or choose to do so from his status magic. So was he… doing something else? He’s… We have to stop him! Nice Guy turned to me and shouted. What is it? Shield Hero, do you know the legend of this town? I heard they chased something away and then sealed it up. It’s still here. I was getting a bad feeling about this. It couldn’t be… It’s true. The sealing stone has been watched over by this town’s nobility for generations. And now… I could tell where the story was going. The fat man was attempting to break the seal. Back up. Okay. Nice Guy took Keel and ran while the rest of us approached the fat man as he chanted at the sealing stone. You’ve finally come, Shield Demon! He was screaming like an insane person now. I don’t know what’s sealed inside that thing, but you better stop that right now. %char1% and %char2% readied themselves for battle. Now that we were outside, it would be easier to fight than it had been in that small room. You’re too late. If only you hadn’t shown up, this town would still be peaceful! Peaceful, ha! If you hadn’t stolen %char7% and dragged her here, none of this would be happening! It’s all your fault, Shield Demon! I don’t have time to listen to the complaints of a coward who gets his kicks from torturing children. I didn’t know what was sealed away in there, but I had to find some way to stop him. The longer we waited, the worse things were going to get.    The other heroes would probably look on with relish. They would want to fight a monster to get its rare items and experience. But I say it’s better to let sleeping dogs lie. I am not a coward! I am purging the world of its lower life forms! I am a righteous man! Dammit… there was no reasoning with him. I knew how it felt to find joy in the misery of people you hated, so I’d thought that maybe we could come to an understanding. But I was wrong. I never truly wished for the death of anyone, ever. Even if it was about a specific person, maybe that was understandable, but to hate an entire class of people made no sense at all! Anyway, who knew what this guy was up to? Looking at the sealing stone made me very nervous. We had to stop him. I stepped forward and began to prepare a skill that would restrain the nobleman. But before I could use it, the stone cracked and fell to pieces. It is finished. If I can kill the Shield Demon, my place in God’s heaven will be secure! Ah, ha, ha! The nobleman let out a laugh like a broken toy. The ground began to shake. Cracks appeared in the earth. What’s happening? Yes! Destroy it all! The sealed monster will destroy the Shield Demon! The sky over the mansion was filled with purple light. I looked up to see cracks appearing in the sky, like a tortoise shell. It was at that very moment that the sealed monster appeared. Master! All of %char2%’s feathers stood on end. She was staring at the sky. What is it?! Large reptilian feet, tipped with large, sharp claws, slowly stepped through the crack. They were followed by a large, muscular body, then an enormous eyeball, and finally a massive jaw appeared, rimmed with teeth so large and sharp they could shred metal. I saw what the monster was. It was a 20-meter tall, carnivorous… dinosaur.       Oh… Oh… A huge dinosaur appeared in the sky. I didn’t call it a dragon on purpose. It looked exactly like a dinosaur. To be more specific, it looked like an overgrown Tyrannosaurus Rex, but meaner and scarier. It wasn’t like a normal monster in the field. It was a dinosaur. A rift opened in the sky above us, and the massive beast came crashing down into the mansion. Ha, ha, ha! For the glory of God! The mansion collapsed under the weight of the dinosaur. Then, with insanity still in his eyes, the nobleman was instantly crushed under the foot of the advancing beast. He was crazy all the way until the end. And he did crazy things until the end. How were we supposed to defeat such a huge monster? We’re all escaping together! %char2%, you understand?! Yeah! %char2% ran back to the courtyard entrance, and picked up Nice Guy and Keel before running away. %char1%, %char7%, and I all took off running in unison. We made for the property exit.     GYAOOOOOOOOOO! The dinosaur roared and started to destroy what remained of the mansion. I come to a new world and have to deal with DINOSAURS?! I didn’t think there were monsters like that here. But, thinking a little more, there WERE dragons here. So I guess dinosaurs weren’t such a stretch. Dragons and dinosaurs were in pretty similar categories, after all. Why would he summon something like that just to kill %Name%?! The fool. He didn’t think through this at all. He would see his whole town destroyed just to kill one person? So he would rather see me die than survive himself? What was wrong with him? Just how much did he hate me? Hurry! If you don’t hurry, he’ll chase after us! %char1% was right. %char2%. What? Can you make yourself big enough for all of us to ride you? %Name%! Don’t ask for impossible things! I’m not. I think %char2% can do it. Really? Can you do that, %char2%? Yeah… %char2% might be able to do it. %char2%, with Nice Guy and Keel on her back, ran up to us. Um… I don’t think I can… I can’t get much bigger than this. Damn. I guess I should have expected that. What if you were bigger? I wonder. Wasn’t she still growing? See, it’s not impossible. Don’t you think she could? GYAOOOOOOOO! %char7% turned to see the beast then turned back to me. She nodded. I’d heard that dinosaurs like moving targets… We ran, but that only attracted it. Now it was chasing after us. We didn’t have time to sit and chat. We were about to end up as dinosaur food. With such a large monster chasing us, it felt like we were in the middle of an earthquake. The ground shook with every step.    I was starting to understand why people always fell over in movie chase scenes like this. Running was hard enough. I felt like I’d lose my footing. And if we fell, that would be the end. The debris from the destroyed mansion was cluttering the path, which slowed the dinosaur’s progress. But once we cleared the debris entirely, %char2% was the only one who stood a chance of outrunning the beast. What should we do? Fight? Here!? In the middle of town? Think of all the damage we’d cause! That’s true, but… I wasn’t sure that we could win. But I did know that we didn’t stand a chance running. All right then, we run, and lure the beast after us. Once we get to somewhere we can fight without endangering others, we do it. We left the mansion grounds to find the streets filled with panicking pedestrians. I could see the headlines now: Shield Demon destroys town, causes uproar. Damn! This was all the proof I needed to see that Ren and %char5% weren’t nearby. The dinosaur was sniffing around to see where its prey had vanished too. This didn’t feel right. There, I caught sight of its name: Tyrant Dragon Rex. Something on the dinosaur’s chest began to glow. At the same time, %char2%’s stomach started glowing too. Um… %char2%? What? The dinosaur is looking straight at us, and I think it might have something to do with your glowing stomach. Hm…. Well, you know what? I think that big gecko wants to eat me! Okay, %char2%, you run! Lure the monster out of town! What? %Name%? Are you going to abandon %char2%? No, I want her to lure the monster somewhere away from people and then come back! But he’s after %char2%, so I don’t think he’ll just let her go! …You’re right. I’d thought that %char2% was fast enough to make it, but I shouldn’t use her as bait. No! I want to stay with you, Master! Mr. %Name%, you shouldn’t ask that of her.    I know, but… It must be hard to be the Shield Hero. Nice Guy chimed in like nothing was going on. Still, the monster is drawn to %char2%. We need to lure him out of town, then fight and defeat him. If we fought in the center of town, the damage would be tremendous. The nearest exit was… Actually it wasn’t very far at all. And %char2% could jump over walls. Okay, so we are going to lure the monster out of town to keep the civilians safe. What are you going to do? We should probably split up. I was asking Nice Guy and %char7%. Keel was unconscious, so there was no asking what he wanted. I don’t think we could take him with us though. I’m going to run away with this kid… But first I’d like to help evacuate the town. Can you do that? The demi-humans from my town are here, so I think we can do it together. Nice Guy climbed down from %char2%. I feel like we are abandoning you here. I wish we didn’t have to. It’s not like that. All this happened because I reached out to you, Shield Hero. Don’t worry about it. Okay then, I won’t. %char7%, what will you do? I’m going with you, obviously. Back at Nice Guy’s place, she’d thought that she could sneak off back to her father and fix things, but after having her life put in danger by that crazy nobleman, it really only made sense for her to stay with us. Entrusting herself to an authoritative nobleman put her in just as much danger as she was in with us. So nothing changed. Looks like we’re all set. Ugh… Keel moaned, and his eyes blinked open. Maybe he still wasn’t totally unconscious. His eyes seemed to have trouble focusing. He held his hand out to %char1%. Keel. Really terrible things are happening right now. But we’re going to take care of it—so you have to go on living. %char1%… No… Don’t go… Keel, it will be okay. I have to go do what I can. I’ll get our flag back, Keel. Wait for me!    She slipped off the bangle that I’d made for her and put it on Keel’s arm. Let’s go, Mr. %Name%. We have to stop this before anyone else gets hurt. Yeah… But are you sure you want to give him that bangle? I should have asked you first. I’m sorry. Don’t be. It’s yours. Do whatever you want with it. She must have meant to signify that she was making him a promise. If so, I wasn’t going to step in and ruin it. Keel! Good-bye! But... but, %char1%! GYAOOOOOOOOOOOO! The Tyrant Dragon Rex’s roar was so powerful it made my head ring. Let’s go! Okay! Roger! We all immediately set about our duties. As if to break the silence, the dinosaur came crashing after us. I couldn’t see where Nice Guy had gone. We climbed onto %char2%’s back and took off running. We slipped through town and jumped over the wall to escape. GYAOOOOOOOO! The Tyrant Dragon Rex was right behind us. It crashed through the town wall. We ran through a field bathed in moonlight. The town behind us was smoking. This wasn’t my fault. I wasn’t to blame for it. Good thing he keeps chasing %char2%. Yeah. %Name%! If we don’t hurry, he’ll catch us! I know! %char2%, can’t you go any faster! We had to get as far from town as we could. Even if we fought well enough to defeat it, if it ran off through another town then the casualties would only get worse. So we ran, the dinosaur on our tail. Think we’ve gone far enough? The town looked far in the distance now. Had we put enough distance between us? We better start fighting soon. Are you all ready? Yes. I’m ready.    If I stick with you guys my life will be a short one! %char2%, are you ready? Yeah! I’ll do my best! Right! When I shouted, %char2% stopped running and spun to face the monster. The Tyrant Dragon Rex was crashing after us, shaking the earth with each step. White breath puffed from its mouth, and its teeth dripped with saliva. If it sunk its teeth into me, there was no way I’d survive. …Not that I was going to let that happen. We jumped off of %char2%’s back and readied ourselves for a fight. GYAOOOOOOOOOO! The beast didn’t slow down at all. It kept running at us but lowered its head to attack. I don’t think so! Air Strike Shield! The Tyrant Dragon Rex was running straight for me when the shield materialized in front of it. Something about this reminded me of the way we’d fought the Zombie Dragon. We’d done all right for ourselves back then—so things should be fine this time too… right? With an echoing crack, the beast bit right through my Air Strike Shield. It crumbled and fell. …But it left itself open for attack. Hiya! %char2% lead the charge. She reared back and swung a powerful kick into the dinosaur’s jaw. But she was wearing iron claws now, so her attack was higher than it had been back when we fought the Dragon Zombie. Still, the kick didn’t seem to affect the dinosaur the way it had hurt the Dragon Zombie. He didn’t seem to hesitate. Ugh! It’s so hard! Be careful! When %char2% fought the dragon, she’d left herself open for a second, and the dragon had swallowed her. Luckily the dragon didn’t have teeth, and its organs had been rotting. What would happen this time? Yeah! After delivering her kick to the beast’s jaw, she immediately jumped back, gaining distance before rushing forward in a flash and kicking at the monster’s    stomach. She was acting like a skilled fighter now. Zweite Aqua Slash! %char7% sent a magic spell flying at the Tyrant Dragon Rex. It was a sharp blade of water. Take that! %char1% was with them now, and she thrust the magic sword into the beast. All of their attacks produced satisfying sounds of connection, but the monster was too big… None of them were able to take the beast down. Master! Platform! Got it! Air Strike Shield! Second Shield! Two different magic shields appeared before the dinosaur. My Air Strike Shields would remain deployed for fifteen seconds. Honestly, it wasn’t very long. But %char2% was fast… Hiya! Hoo! Pop! She was flipping and jumping from shield to shield, delivering powerful kicks each time. GYAOOOOOOOOO! Finally unnerved, the Tyrant Dragon Rex let out an enraged howl and began to violently thrash its head and tail. %char2% jumped out of the way before its attacks connected. %char1% was the one in danger. I ran forward and blocked the thrashing tail before it could hit her. Ugh… Mr. %Name%! It was very heavy. I was able to hold it back for now, but if the tail was this strong then I’d never survive a bite from the jaw. This wasn’t good. The monster was very large but slow enough that we’d been able to hold our own. Still, none of our attacks were strong enough to bring the dinosaur down. %char2% was getting a lot of good hits in, but if she wasn’t strong enough to bring the monster down, then %char1% wasn’t going to be able to do so either. %char7%’s magic wasn’t very powerful either. At the moment she was throwing out spells as a way to assist %char2%, but they weren’t strong enough to deal much damage on their own. Had this been a game of some kind, it would be the kind of battle in which you just needed to run the clock down… too bad this wasn’t a game.    If we figured out its weakness, it would run. Sure, that would be good for us, but then we’d have to worry about where it was running TO. A town full of people, no doubt. Furthermore—I realized this when I blocked its thrashing tail—the thing had a lot of attack power. I was probably the only one with a defense rating high enough to survive an attack. I might have to rely on the Shield of Rage. It was strong enough to block the beast’s attacks, plus it had counter-attacks of its own. The Shield of Rage was the strongest shield I had, but it was very dangerous. It was formed from the hatred I had for this world. The first time I used it was in the battle with the Dragon Zombie, after it had eaten %char2%. When I use it, the rage takes over my body, and I get violent. Because of that, I’d accidentally cursed %char1%, who’d been trying to help me. It was the sort of shield that gave me a lot of strength but asked for something in return. It wasn’t the sort of thing I could just whip out on a whim. But it was also true that there were times when, had I not used it, we would have all ended up dead. It’s okay. Then I’m going. Be careful! Okay! %char1% brandished her sword and ran for the Tyrant Dragon Rex. But her attack didn’t seem to be very effective. %char2% was fighting well and holding her own, but she wouldn’t be able to keep that up for very long. Her stamina had limits, after all. I didn’t know how much stamina the Tyrant Dragon Rex had, but it seemed reasonable to assume it was more than we did. If we kept fighting as we were, this wasn’t going to end well. But what other choice did we have? After I got the Dragon Zombie Core, my Shield of Rage grew stronger. Because of which, and because %char2% had also eaten from the Dragon Zombie Core, whenever I used the Shield of Rage, %char2% went crazy. Was it worth the risk? %Name%. What? %char7% was yelling for me from the back line. Was she able to see something from her vantage point at the back?    Something strange is happening! Huh? I looked around to see what she was talking about. Off in the distance I heard some kind of animal call. What was it? The area started to fill with small floating lights, like fireflies. Huh? %char2% held her wings against her head, like she was trying to concentrate. What is it? I can hear someone talking. They’re saying that they will be here soon, so we should wait. Who said that? I dunno! What was happening? We were right in the middle of a battle here! The Tyrant Dragon Rex seemed to sense that something was happening also. It raised its head and was looking around. %Name%. What? There’s some kind of force field. Force field? Yes. Can’t you see it? It’s like a mist hanging over us. I tried to look far into the distance, but the air grew thick, and I couldn’t see very far. That looks like a very powerful force field. What is it? I’ve heard of a mysterious forest. There are legends about it. I heard that the old weapons of the Heroes from long ago are sleeping there, and that it’s protected by a force field to keep people away. Sounds like you know all about it. My mother likes legends, and she took me to see the mysterious forest. The force field looked just like this. What was that supposed to mean? Did it mean that we weren’t going to be able to escape even if we tried? When you try to cross over it, it brings you back to where you started. I think someone has cast a force field over us. Someone was trapping us? That didn’t sound good at all. I imagined that Bitch or Trash had hired an assassin to do this to us. I imagined them reclining back and watching us to make sure we died at the hands of the Tyrant Dragon Rex.    What it meant was this: there was no way out. I looked around. The grass and trees were filled with strange lights. What the hell was going on? Suddenly an enormous herd of %char2%lials appeared and came running straight for us. The whole field was covered in %char2%lials. This was turning into a traumatic experience. Wow… %char2%lials! %char7%’s eyes were shining. She looked so happy. Why did she like %char2%lials so much?! Whatever—this was not the time to entertain her hobbies. GYAOOOOOOOOO! The dinosaur howled in anger at the new developments. Then he lowered his head to attack. Dammit… We had no choice. I prepared to switch to the Shield of Rage. Don’t. My shield arm flew back, struck with a sharp pain. I looked down to find the shield itself glowing. I was still able to change shields if I wanted though. I tried, again, to switch to the Shield of Rage. But… —Due to interference, you may not change weapons. A flashing icon appeared in my field of vision, and I was no longer able to switch shields. There was also a small clock displaying the remaining time before I could make a switch. I could probably switch shields again when the timer ran out. Who’s there?! A voice I’d never heard before had interjected and kept me from changing shields. Why would they stop me? What were they after? You will be all right. Just wait. You do no need to turn to that power. Damn... Hiya! %char2% flipped through the air and delivered a solid kick to the dinosaur’s jaw before landing deftly in the grass and dashing back, picking me and %char1% up, and taking us back to %char7%.    What’s happening? They said to stand back. I didn’t hear that. Or did she mean that strange voice? We were completely surrounded by %char2%lials. There were too many to count. Their eyes were shining in the dark. The sheer number of them was unbelievable. What was happening? My only idea was that they were somehow trying to trap the monster there. Could it be that they formed giant herds to hunt giant monsters? Or maybe they were trying to get %char2% to join their group? The herd of %char2%lials split around the monster. It was just like the parting of the Red Sea. Gah! One of the %char2%lials stepped out of the group and started to walk in our direction. It looked a lot like %char2% when she was in her normal %char2%lial form, but this one was light blue. It stood about two meters tall, and looked a lot like a large ostrich. But it looked… fluffier than other %char2%lials. Like its feathers were softer. It also had a single feather that stuck vertically up from the crown of its head. Most %char2%lials were pink, but this one was a light blue color. There were still white patches, but most of it was blue. It was pulling a gorgeous carriage, and a large gemstone was set in the center of it. The jewel reminded me of a gemstone I’d seen before… but I couldn’t remember where. I looked at my shield. Then I realized… It was the same shape as the jewel in the center of my shield. Hey! It’s that %char2%lial from before! You know this thing? Yes. I met her before I ran into you guys. Really? She had a sense of authority about her. She was clearly the leader of the herd. And she didn’t seem as dull-witted as a typical %char2%lial. The Tyrant Dragon Rex appeared to recognize these qualities in her as well. The beast seemed to be on guard. It seemed ready to attack at any moment, but was holding back to see what the blue %char2%lial would do.    Wow! What a cool carriage! I’m jealous… %char2%’s eyes sparkled when she caught sight of the carriage. I didn’t like it. The last thing I wanted was to parade around like new money. Besides, I could imagine what the public would say if they saw me in that thing. Gah! The blue %char2%lial removed the reins herself and stepped forward. Another %char2%lial swooped in behind her and removed the carriage. What’s happening? Gweeeeeeeeeeeh! The blue %char2%lial let out a sustained call. All the leaves on the trees and bushes began to shine a bright green, and a powerful wind blew through the area. What was going on? The blue %char2%lial began to grow. She expanded into a large, black silhouette. She was huge… The silhouette was big and puffy. She was transforming, but she was able to grow much larger than %char2% could. When she’d first stepped forward she stood about two meters tall, but she’d grown to at least six now. She kept growing until she was the same size as the Tyrant Dragon Rex. Then she stopped growing. Wow! She’s so big! %char7% was unable to hide her joy. She whispered to herself like a giddy child. Compared to the pink and white %char2%lials below, this %char2%lial Queen was clearly light blue. The major difference was the vertical feather that stood from the crown of her head. I’ve kept you waiting, Shield Hero. And you too, little girl who likes %char2%lials. The huge %char2%lial Queen finished greeting us and then directed her gaze to the Tyrant Dragon Rex. Her voice sounded a lot like %char2%’s but was perhaps a bit deeper. She spoke! %char2% talks too. I know that! Woooow! She’s so big! Uh… Uh…    I stood there, mouth agape, as the huge %char2%lial Queen took a step towards the Tyrant Dragon Rex. Looks like the Dragon King Fragment has puffed you up a little. I think the Dragon King Fragment doesn’t suit you. That’s why you’re so big. You might be big, but you’re just an everyday monster.  The enormous %char2%lial Queen spoke to the dinosaur. If you give me the fragment now, I will let you live. Hand it over and go. The Tyrant Dragon Rex lowered his head and roared in response.     Attempting to scoop her into his jaws right then and there, he ran forward. No avoiding it then… The enormous %char2%lial Queen raised her foot and kicked the dinosaur. But she seemed to have been holding back, as she didn’t put much of her weight into it. Regardless, when the kick connected, the Tyrant Dragon Rex went flying like a kickball. The Tyrant Dragon Rex came crashing down in the dirt and then rose shakily to its feet. Then it quickly turned and attempted to swing its powerful tail at the %char2%lial. Weak. The %char2%lial raised a wing to block the tail easily. The Tyrant Dragon Rex roared in anger, bared its fangs and rushed at the %char2%lial Queen. Hiya! The %char2%lial Queen reared back and kicked the dinosaur’s jaw hard. Flipping backwards like a rag doll, the dinosaur crashed to the ground. In a flash, the %char2%lial was beside it, kicking at its torso. The dinosaur flew into the air. The huge beast was suspended in the air! Hiya! Hiya! Hiya! Without touching down, the %char2%lial delivered a series of kicks that kept them suspended. She was blindingly fast. What the hell?! I considered myself an experienced gamer, but I’d never seen a combo like that. It was like a fighting game. It was like an aerial combo. A counter indicating the number of successive hits appeared before my eyes. At the end it read 35 HITS! The difference in strength was apparent—overwhelming. With a final slam, the dinosaur came crashing down. The combo was over. The beast rose on unsteady legs. Immediately afterwards, a large magical seal appeared in the air. Is it going to cast a spell? The %char2%lial Queen readied herself. Then the beast leaned forward. I thought it was going to cast a spell, but instead it opened its mouth—and a massive pillar of flame came roaring out of it. Whoa. I could feel the heat on my skin from across the field.    Had I been hit with an attack like that, I don’t think even the Shield of Rage could have withstood it. The Tyrant Dragon Rex was running at the %char2%lial and breathing fire. No matter how large she might have been, if the pillar of flame hit her she’d be roasted alive. Lukewarm. The %char2%lial raised a wing, or I thought she did, and stopped the pillar of flame without blinking. What was this? Some kind of monster battle? We were standing in the field and watching but didn’t have anything to contribute. Let’s end this. The %char2%lial raised her wings and crossed them before her. I’ve seen something like that before. The second I thought that, the massive %char2%lial Queen appeared to blur before immediately reappearing behind the Dinosaur. Yup, that was %char2%’s trump card, a magic attack called Haikuikku. GYAAAAAAAAAAAA! Her claws tore through the monster time and time again until, finally, the dinosaur fell to pieces and died.       The felled Tyrant Dragon Rex lay in bloody strips, and there was something shining among them. It appeared to be some kind of glowing ore. The %char2%lial Queen picked it up and then turned to us. Sorry I kept you waiting. … We were all speechless. Not even %char2% had been able to deal damage to the massive monster, and this huge %char2%lial Queen had defeated it so easily! You’re so big… %char7%’s eyes were shining as she looked up at the huge bird. She sure did switch moods quickly. Whenever she spoke to me she bordered on hysterics, but she was polite when she spoke to others, and obsessively fawning when she spoke to %char2% or other %char2%lials. You must be the Shield Hero. Oh… Yeah. When something the size of a building speaks to you, you answer the best you can. Had we been enemies, well, I don’t think I could beat her in a fight… I couldn’t see how that would be possible. And if %char7% had been right—if we really were enclosed in a force field— then we wouldn’t be able to run either. I even thought about trying to escape on %char2%, but if this was a %char2%lial Queen, she’d be at least as fast as %char2%. There was no escape. Do you need something from me? I have many things I wish to discuss with you. But it’s not polite to speak to you like this. Wait a moment please. The huge %char2%lial Queen closed her eyes and seemed to be concentrating. As she did she began to shrink. Finally her large wings closed around her body completely. When she opened them again, there was a young girl standing there, about the same height as %char2%, with wings on her back. Her hair was silver with thin streaks of light blue, and it was cut in a short bob. But there were three tufts of hair standing up vertically from the crown of    her head, like cowlicks. Her eyes were red, and her gaze carried an air of authority about it. Her face was small and well-composed. Quite beautiful, really. She was dressed in a red and white gothic-style dress. Allow me to introduce myself. I am Fitoria, the Queen of the %char2%lials. She flicked her head and smirked, a rather child-like movement that stood in opposition to the air of power and authority that hung about her. It’s hard to describe, but because she was in human form, I sort of got the impression that she was a small child trying to act like an adult. Fitoria?! But that’s the name of the %char2%lial in the legends! %char7% was shocked. Really? Yes. There is a legend saying that Fitoria was raised by four Legendary Heroes in the past… when they were summoned during a wave of destruction. The past… Well, I don’t know how long ago you are referencing, but she might be the successor? I think I remembered that, back when %char6% and I were being summoned, they had said something about waves in the ancient past. If we were talking about something that far back, then she couldn’t be the %char2%lial of the legends, could she? It must have been a name that the current leader of the %char2%lials inherited or something. If not… just how old was this girl? My name has always been Fitoria, and there has only ever been one. Fitoria turned her head to the side in confusion while she spoke. She was very serious and powerful, but occasionally she displayed those very %char2%lial-like moments of animal stupidity. Are you saying that you’ve been alive since ancient times? Yup. She said it very matter-of-factly. I looked at %char2%, then back at Fitoria. I guess I could believe it. Just think how fast %char2% had grown. If %char2% had gotten that big, I don’t think we’d have been able to feed her though. We had enough trouble feeding her as it was. I didn’t want her getting any bigger. If she got too big to feed than we’d probably have to part ways. But then I remembered how much money I’d invested in %char2%. I couldn’t let that go to waste. Master, you’re thinking of weird stuff.    You’re right. That face he’s making—it means he’s thinking of something unrelated. You can read him so well. I have no idea. You’ll figure it out. Annoying brats. I wished they would stop trying to figure out what I was thinking. You were thinking that if %char2% got that big, you’d have to abandon her. Boo! Abandon her? How could you think such things?! To think, only minutes ago you’d asked her to try and get bigger! Oh relax. How would we feed something that big?! Mr. %Name%… I don’t think she would get so large overnight… Sure, but think about how fast she grew to this size. If she had another growth spurt, she might end up like that! … Ms. %char1%! Why aren’t you saying anything? %char7% grabbed onto %char1%’s hands and shouted. The scary part was that it could really happen. Maybe. It would take a long time to grow to that size, so don’t worry about it. Fitoria seemed hesitant to intrude, but she raised her hand and answered my concerns. Normal %char2%lials have fixed life spans of a few decades. Well, that was a relief. I didn’t want her to have a growth spurt and turn into a mountain or something. But then I realized that Fitoria’s phrasing implied that she had been alive for much longer. Now then, Shield Hero and friends, may I ask you to introduce yourselves? Well… she was right. If she had given us her name then I guess it was our turn. I’m %Name%. Iwatani is my last name, and %Name%is my first name. It sounds like you already know I’m the Shield Hero. Yup. Fitoria looked to %char1% next. My name is %char1%. Pleased to meet you. Pleasure. I’m %char2%! %char2% didn’t wait to be addressed before jumping in. Fitoria stared at %char2% for a moment then directed her gaze to %char7%.    We’ve met before, haven’t we? You love %char2%lials. You protected me then. Thank you for that. Yes. My name is %char7% Melromarc. Okay. I’ll call you Mel-tan. Meltan? She didn’t have good taste in nicknames. Back in my own world, I had a friend that used to add tan to everything. That just reminded me of it. Being an Otaku myself, I was probably in the same category as people that did that though… Meltan… Please to formally meet you. See? Even %char7% made a weird face when she heard it. Boo. %char2% shifted her weight and stepped forward. It almost looked like she was trying to protect %char7% from Fitoria. Was she jealous? She looked like a jealous friend who was mad that their friend was talking to someone else. I pictured Fitoria saying something like, %char2%, behavior like that will not win you any friends. Was I over thinking it? It reminded me of a traumatic scene from a famous game I’d once played. If we all fell silent here, the conversation would take a weird turn. I decided to hurry things along. So? Of course I’ll thank you for defeating that huge monster, the Tyrant Dragon Rex, for us… but… what can we do for you now? I’ll explain the details of it all, but this is not a good place to talk. I’ll show you where to go, so please follow me. Fitoria pointed to her carriage. Did she want us to ride in it while she took us somewhere? First, we should… Should what? Fitoria turned her head to the side again. I looked over at the Tyrant Dragon Rex’s corpse. In response, Fitoria furrowed her brow. I would rather the Heroes did not use things from dragons to improve their weapons. Oh that’s right, %char2%lials and dragons didn’t get along. Apparently the Queen of the %char2%lials had the same way of thinking about them. But that had nothing to do with me. I had to do whatever I could to get stronger.    Especially considering how powerful the Tyrant Dragon Rex had been… I couldn’t afford to ignore materials like that. Too bad. Very well then. I’ll have my tribe bring it after us then. Please get into the carriage. Will you bring the organs too? %char2%lials sometimes can’t control their appetites, and I need more than the bones. As you like. Thank you. %Name%, you’re so petty. Whatever. I went over to the shredded Tyrant Dragon Rex and let my shield absorb various parts of its body. I let it absorb the flesh, bones, scales, horns, fangs, and organs. It unlocked a new shield. …Or so I thought. Apparently I couldn’t completely unlock the shield without reaching a higher level. Compared to our own strength, the Tyrant Dragon Rex had been much more powerful, so I suppose it only made sense. My level still wasn’t high enough to unlock the shield I’d gotten after defeating the Zombie Dragon anyway. Are you ready? Fitoria asked calmly. Sure… Okay. And your name was %char2%, right? Can you turn into a human and ride with them? I could… but I’d rather pull the carriage. That is my carriage, so you can’t pull it. I didn’t know if she really couldn’t let someone else pull it, or if she was childishly rebuffing %char2%. Maybe she really was just like %char2% but was pretending to be really important. Um… %char2%… don’t be selfish. Respect what Fitoria says. Okay! %char2% calmed down and turned into her human form. What was with them? Whatever. We all climbed into Fitoria’s strangely gorgeous carriage. The interior was more spacious than I’d expected. But… I guess we were going to start traveling by carriage.    We were surrounded by a vast herd of %char2%lials. If we weren’t careful, we’d be spotted soon enough. I guess Fitoria had cast a force field over us though, so that should keep people away. If %char6% realized that I was in the carriage, he’d come chasing after it— no doubt about that. Portal… Fitoria stepped in front of the carriage and took the reins before shouting something. When she yelled, the scenery around us instantly changed. What? Huh?! Wh… What’s happening?! W… wow… What the hell? This girl clearly had some impressive powers. Did we move? Games often provide the player with a magical form of transport that will allow them to teleport to places they have already been. Most famous games seem to have them… I guess they were part of this world too. And yet… If I hadn’t heard of it yet, then it must be pretty rare. The Legendary %char2%lial… Yeah, maybe she did have reason to claim that title. We should be able to talk safely here. We climbed down from the carriage and took in our surroundings. It was dark, which made it hard to pick out much, but we seemed to be in the forest. Was it some kind of village in the forest? No… Ruins? It appeared to be a destroyed castle. There were stones laid out in lines and buried in the dirt, and here and there stone houses poked out of the gloom. Plants had grown over everything, and the size and extent of the root systems meant that these things must have been here for a while. Further out, and the forest had taken over. There was a thick white fog over everything, which limited how far we could see. Vines and shrubbery covered everything, as far as I could see. I couldn’t discern a way out. Where are we? This is the country that the original Heroes fought to protect, or the ruins    of it anyway. That’s what they say. That’s a vague answer. Well, it’s been here since before I was born. I try to watch over it. Do you live here, Fitoria? %char7%’s eyes were sparkling again. About half the time. My real home is… well… I don’t take people there. Huh… Probably the forest. Yup. It’s so ooooold! You can really feel the history. Tell me how you really feel. Saying it’s old, or that you feel the history here… %char2% and %char1% were apparently really sharing the experience. As for me, the fog was so thick that I really didn’t know. She didn’t really lead us here, after all. She’d just transported us. How convenient. How were we supposed to get back? Hey, since you just transported us here, I was wondering if you could teleport us to a specific place when it’s time to leave. With any luck we could get %char6% off our tail for good. Or even better, we could find asylum in the demi-human kingdom without needing to rely on %char7%’s mother. You just got here, and you’re asking about how to leave? It doesn’t seem like the kind of place we should hang around. What?! %char7% shouted in disappointment. What was that all about? Did she want to hang out with the %char2%lials THAT badly? I wanted to keep this as short as we could. We were just visiting. That’s all. For the time being, you should try and get some rest. Fitoria raised her hand, and a %char2%lial appeared from the fog tugging a carriage loaded down with firewood. She set it on fire, making a large bonfire. That was a good idea, and we probably didn’t need to worry about attracting enemies. The woods didn’t seem to be populated by anything more vicious than a %char2%lial. Since the %char2%lials had invited us here and asked us to rest, there was probably nothing worth worrying about. Night was falling too. We should probably talk while we rested. Okay. It’s definitely better to rest here than where we were before. C’mon    everyone. Let’s rest up. Okaaaay! That was a long, tough day. Yes, it was… I sure hope that Keel and the others are all right. Worrying about it won’t help them. If we try to go back to the town they’ll catch us for sure. Yes… We all sat down before the campfire and relaxed. We had piles of Tyrant Dragon Rex meat, and I started to prepare it for dinner. Luckily enough, the well still seemed to be full of water. I checked to make sure it was safe then decided to prepare a stew. Let’s get some food in our bellies. I said to %char1% and the others as I cooked. … %char2% stuck her index finger into her mouth and stared greedily at the bubbling pot. There were less of them due to the teleportation, but the surrounding %char2%lials were looking on hungrily as well. Dammit. It was hard to eat when everyone was staring at you. Um… %Name%? Mr. %Name%. It’s hard to eat with everyone looking at us. Yeah, me too. Huh? You think so? %char1% and %char7% felt the same way I did. They cradled their bowls and looked around nervously. %char2% was just greedily slurping down her food without a thought. You want some food too? May I? Well, we don’t have enough food to feed you at the size you were earlier. That’s all right. All I’d done is offer Fitoria some food, but the surrounding %char2%lials started gawking in response. Be quiet. All of them fell silent at Fitoria’s reproof but they kept staring on with oppressive determination. This is delicious! It is. Ugh. Now %char2% was staring at me with that look in her eyes. She and Fitoria    were like two peas in a pod. They were different colors though, so I suppose that was proof they weren’t related. With %char7% next to them, they could have all been sisters. They were pretty enough. I could have painted a picture of them. Very good. %char1% had better manners than any of them. She was more dignified. %char7% was dignified too, but she shared something with the ravenous %char2%lials that made me want to lump them all together. What? %char7% made a face and glared at me. Nothing. Were you thinking rude thoughts again? No comment. That means yes, doesn’t it? I was thinking that those two make you look a little unrefined. You should pick your friends better. What was that?! There she went again. She could be so noisy. Now, now… I was… %char1% paused in the middle of her sentence to look around at all the %char2%lials. They stared back. I couldn’t ignore them either. I felt like the food was going to get caught in my throat. It was starting to get annoying. This is getting so annoying! Can’t we just make a really big pot of it? I’ll make whatever they want, just bring me some tools! In the end, I couldn’t endure their incessant stares, so I made a giant pot of soup and let them go at it. All in all, it took a few hours. Before they’d all finished eating, %char1%, %char2%, and %char7% had all fallen asleep. I was exhausted from all the cooking. Whew… I was cleaning up the dishes and complaining to myself about why I had to spend my time feeding a bunch of birds when Fitoria came over to me. What do you want? There isn’t any left. I know that. Oh. Okay then. What do you want? Can’t it wait until morning? I wanted to get some rest. Huh? %char7% and %char2% were leaning against some fluffy %char2%lials and sleeping    soundly. How convenient. It must be nice to get some sleep while someone else does all the work. She was clearly accustomed to living the royal life. I was thinking the same thing. But the timing is right, so I’d like to talk a little. What is it? I’d like to know how the sealed monster came to be released. Huh? So you came without knowing that? No… I came because I’d been given a report that a new queen candidate had appeared. A queen candidate? You mean %char2%? Fitoria nodded. Can I ask you one thing? What? It was a suspicion that had been growing on me ever since %char2% had hatched. Why does %char2% grow so differently than other %char2%lials? Fitoria had said that she was a queen candidate. That’s why I thought that she might have known the answer. Because she’s being raised by a Hero. I suspected as much. %char2% clearly looked different from other %char2%lials, and she could even transform into a person. It was because I was raising her? I’ve answered your question. Now answer mine. I don’t know how much I can tell you. How much do you know about me? I know that you are a Hero that was summoned here because of the waves. I know that you are considered the religious enemy of Melromarc, a humansupremacist nation. Oh… Had she learned all of that through word-of-mouth from the other %char2%lials? I didn’t know just how well %char2%lials were capable of communicating with one another, but I wouldn’t have guessed that they were so good at gathering and transmitting information. I’m not all-powerful, you know. I forget things a lot. You said it, not me. So anyway… I explained everything about how the Tyrant Dragon Rex had come to be freed from the sealing stone. Then I started telling her about myself. I told her how I’d been summoned, then framed and discriminated against. I told her about all the major events that had happened up until now. ….Whew.    Fitoria sighed deeply. What? I just get exhausted when I hear of the stupid things the Heroes are occupying themselves with, considering that the waves of destruction are what they should be focusing on. It’s not me. It’s them. I don’t care about that. I just have to carry out the task entrusted to me by my old master… the Hero. Huh… From my perspective, the little fights between humans and demi-humans are irrelevant. The world does not exist just for people. Even still, I cannot stand to see the Heroes quarrel. When the Heroes fight, I can’t achieve what my master entrusted to me. And what is that? I guess she meant that a hero from the past had asked her to do something. Based on what she’d just said, I guess I couldn’t expect Fitoria to intervene in the battle between humans and demi-humans any time soon. It sounds like you’re saying you don’t plan on teaming up, but that you feel like you have to help me because I’m a hero. That’s right. Both the humans and I are in the midst of a very long conflict. A long time ago I decided not to participate. I decided that I would only associate with my tribe, the %char2%lials. What would a long-living monster like this %char2%lial think of humans? How would she use them? For convenience? No—if there was a stronger power, a power they couldn't understand, they’d try to get rid of it. At first they might try worshiping it or something. Could it be that she’d grown tired of authority and renounced the world so that she could live with her %char2%lials in the woods? She might pretend to be a normal %char2%lial and just travel around. Before %char7% had fallen asleep, she kept talking about how she’d met Fitoria before. She was clearly very proud of herself. It sounded like Fitoria was standing back to watch the way that normal %char2%lials interacted with humans—something like that anyway. Do the four Holy Heroes know? About the hourglasses? I’ve been covering the area entrusted to me, but the four Heroes aren’t doing their part elsewhere. Hourglasses? I know about those. Then why aren’t you participating in the waves?    What was going on? I was getting a bad feeling. A strong one. I knew that there were dragon hourglasses in other countries too. Could it be… Was she saying that waves in other countries came at different times? What are you talking about? All I knew was that the waves came about once every month. If they were happening all over the world, I don’t think I’d be able to do much about that. You’d think that the other countries would try to build up their defenses, so that they wouldn’t need to depend on the heroes for protection. Oh well. I assumed that one of the past heroes must have asked Fitoria to see to that. But now she was upset that the summoned heroes weren’t fully devoting their energies to battling the waves? I’m not like the other heroes. I may have been summoned here, but I don’t know anything about anything. No one explained anything to me. I just found out there were hourglasses in other places the other day. Very well. I understand. I have another question. What? I feel an ominous power coming from the Shield. Have you used the Curse Series? You sure know your stuff. She really was the stuff of legends. She even knew about the Curse Series. She knew about the Shield of Rage. I understand that the Curse Series is very powerful, but it asks for much in return. Eventually it will consume you. You mustn’t use it. But there are battles I cannot win without using it. I’ve been able to control it so far, so I think I’m okay. It was true. There had been a number of battles that I wouldn’t have been able to win if I hadn’t used the Shield of Rage. She was right that it asked for a lot in return, but I figured I’d be all right if I was able to control it. As long as %char1% was with me, I should be able to fight off my rage. Are you sure? Yeah. Fitoria reached out and touched my shield. She shut her eyes. The cursed Shield will, one day, overpower the Shield Hero’s strength. The dragon’s consciousness entered the Shield when its core was absorbed. It must not be used near the person that killed a dragon—or the rage will become too powerful to control. The Shield of Rage had grown stronger after absorbing the dragon’s core.    Did that mean that it absorbed the dragon’s anger too? If that was why the shield had grown so powerful, then who was the person that it hated? Who was the person that had killed it? Could it be Ren? The Sword Hero had killed the dragon. So what Fitoria was saying was that I shouldn’t use the Shield of Rage when Ren was around? That, if I did, the power would get out of control? I had fought with Ren recently, but I’d maintained plenty of distance. And Ren hadn’t really been trying to fight me anyway. Was that why nothing had happened? Or could it be that the shield had tried to take over, but it wasn’t powerful enough to control me? But if I want to survive the battles to come, I might have to use it. I understood that it was dangerous. But if I wasn’t able to protect people without using it, then what choice did I really have? After the waves ended and the world was restored to peace, I planned on going back to my own world. It was easy to say that the shield was dangerous and that I shouldn’t use it— but there were times when I had no choice. Very well. Allow me to change the subject. It doesn’t look like you agree with me. She nodded. I guess she didn’t agree but was ready to move the conversation to the next topic. The world is in great turmoil because of the waves. Why are the Heroes fighting among themselves? It’s not my fault. It’s them—and the country. They framed me and are discriminating against me. I’ve heard the basics. They are irrelevant. The Heroes do not have time to spend on such trivial matters. Such high ideals. I’ve been charged with the protection of the world. But I cannot do it alone. I cannot do it without the Heroes. After all the power she’d just showed off? Was she sure she couldn’t save the world from the waves? From what I’d seen, she was already much more powerful than %char5%, Ren, or %char6%. She still wasn’t powerful enough to save the world. Or maybe she was saying that she wouldn’t be able to do so forever. Did that mean that the heroes could still become much more powerful? More powerful than she already was? I guess they were still heroes, even if they were rotten to the core. If the    heroes weren’t inherently useful, I supposed these countries wouldn’t go through all the trouble of summoning them from another world. Honestly, the affairs of humans do not concern me. How they fight… what they fight… But the Heroes are different. Why? Fitoria silently shook her head. It happened… so long ago, so long ago that I can’t really remember. All I remember is that I cannot permit the Heroes to fight among themselves. She forgot the very thing she is so upset about? Well, she was a %char2%lial, after all. I couldn’t expect her to be some kind of genius with a photographic memory. Just look at %char2%. But she still remembered it. I couldn’t put my finger on it, but something felt very wrong. I had felt a strange pressure coming from Fitoria for a little while. Something powerful, something… aggressive. It sent shivers down my spine. I remember. I was told… If the Heroes ever start to fight among themselves… then, for the good of the world I am to dispose of them so that new Heroes may be summoned. There it was. That’s what she’d wanted to tell me. She was saying that if I didn’t play nice with the other heroes, she’d kill us all. That was the only way to defeat the waves. That’s what the Legendary %char2%lial had to say. There must be a good reason. It must have been an order from one of the heroes from the past. But— It’s not my fault. They refuse to listen to reason. They refuse to play nice. There’s nothing I can do about it. Yes. Bitch framed me. Trash arrested and discriminated against me, and the other heroes turned on me without even considering my side of the story. There was nothing I could do about any of them. And now… after I’d raised all that money and earned so many people’s trust… Now they framed me for the abduction of Princess %char7% and sent assassins to murder us. And Fitoria wants us to get along? All I could do was get %char7% to her mother. That would deal a fatal blow to the Church of the Three Heroes, and then I’d find sanctuary in another country when it all blew over. Be friends with the other heroes? Impossible. …Well. Fitoria sighed, as if she were giving up. Then fire came into her eyes.    Then I suppose there is no avoiding it. She stepped back then walked off into the night. It was a strange way to end the conversation. I didn’t like where this was heading. I doubt she would just walk off and leave us alone. But I… There was no way I could depend on the other heroes. It was impossible.       It was hot… Gahhh! I could hear a bunch of %char2%lials calling out in unison, and my body felt warm and constricted. When I opened my eyes I realized I was completely surrounded by %char2%lials vying to get near me. Wh… What’s going on?! Hey! Master is MINE! %char2% was greedily pushing the other %char2%lials out of the way in an effort to keep me all to herself. Oh, come on… When I finally came to my senses I realized it was around noon. If I started cooking and relaxing, would this day end up just like last night had? Hey, is it true that you fought with the legendary Griffin King? Yup. I did. To be precise, it was actually a monster that a human made by changing normal griffins. He made so many of them that all the flying %char2%lials disappeared. The sky was filled with flocks of flying griffins. Okay, but did you defeat the Dragon King? I did. I ripped him to shreds, but he kept regenerating. That made the fight difficult. Wow! Hey, is it true that the legendary Holy Sword rests in the %char2%lial sanctuary? There’s a holy sword, but I don’t know about a legendary sword. I don’t think there is anything like that. Though some of the old Heroes’ weapons are still here. %char7%’s eyes were sparkling again, and she was shooting questions like a machine gun at Fitoria. At the same time, %char2% stood back and watched. She was clearly jealous. It was a funny scene. I hope their friendship could survive it. Okay. We’re done resting now. What should we do? I ate a light meal and turned to Fitoria. We really didn’t have time to stand around and smell the flowers—or to eat them. I figured that Fitoria was probably powerful enough to teleport us all to wherever the queen was. I’d have to find a way to convince her to help us    though. Okay… now then. Fitoria rose to her feet and began to cast a spell on %char7%. The wind rose and formed a sort of cage around her. Wh…what’s this?! %char7% grabbed the bars and tried to escape, but they were sharp and cut her hand. A little blood trickled over her finger. What are you doing?! %char2% was glaring angrily at Fitoria. Mel-tan, you’ll have to be my hostage for now. Why? … Fitoria didn’t answer but continued to glare at us. The air was crackling with tension. Was this… Was this the continuation of what she’d been talking about last night? Was she going to kill us… and then go kill the other heroes too? We should probably assume so. %char7%! %char1% shouted for %char7%. Damn… did we have to fight that giant %char2%lial here? I couldn’t imagine a way that we could win. The area was filled with a threatening atmosphere, but it wasn’t coming from me. What choice did I have but to use the Shield of Rage? You mustn’t use the cursed power. Light appeared around my shield. —Due to interference, the shield may not be changed. …Appeared in my field of vision. It was the same thing that had occurred the day before. Please listen to me. Why should I listen to someone behaving as you are? If you refuse to listen, I’ll have no choice but to kill the rest of the Heroes. Wh… She probably could do it. She was considerably more powerful than we were. Considering that we hadn’t been able to do any real damage to the Tyrant    Dragon Rex. Despite how powerful the beast had been, Fitoria had defeated it without breaking a sweat. And now we had to fight her? We’d lose. There’s no way we’ll all just get along. What are you talking about? Last night this girl said that she would kill us all if the Heroes didn’t start working together. Reconcile with the other Heroes? I’m not sure that is possible. %char1% knit her brow and thought for a moment. Did Fitoria even understand what we were saying? Wouldn’t it be more rude to lie and say that we’d all just be friends? Very well then… Fitoria raised her index finger and leveled it at %char2%. Then I demand a duel with the %char2%lial you raised. If she is strong enough then I will release %char7%, and offer you a postponement. What’s that supposed to mean? You’ll figure it out. What did she want from me? I will battle in my current form. %char2%, I ask that you also fight me in this form. They had to fight in human form? %char2% might stand a chance after all… Had they fought in their true forms, %char2% didn’t stand a chance. But if they were both humans, maybe %char2% could win. Luckily enough, we had a weapon that %char2% could use when she was in human form. Okay! %char2% reached behind the wings on her back and produced the power gloves. The old guy who ran the weapon shop had originally made them for me so that I could pull the carriage if I needed to. But %char2%’s magic had turned them into something more like claws. They’d served us well the last time we’d gotten into a scuffle with %char6%. And yet… Hey! Don’t just start whenever you want. Yes, %char2%. You should do as Mr. %Name%says. But Mel…! If you don’t fight, then everyone will die. We don’t really have a choice. Damn… It sure seemed like Fitoria was planning on making the first move. It made me very anxious to think that all I could do was stand back and    watch. She might have been planning to defeat %char2%, then turn to us and kill us next. I don’t think I’d be able to stop her. We didn’t have any other choice. …Fine. Then let us begin. Fitoria raised her hand, and a wall formed from wind appeared between them and the rest of us. Partitioned off on their own, Fitoria and %char2% stood in a ring of sorts. You must remain in your human form inside this ring. The rules may not be broken. I’ll save Mel! I won’t lose to Fitoria! I was very anxious about standing back and watching the fight. If it looked like %char2% was in trouble, I’d break the rules and interfere. Here I come! %char2% raised her gloves and closed her eyes in concentration. The gloves morphed into claws, and she brandished them before rushing at Fitoria. Ya! %char2% was the first to attack. She jumped into the air and spun to kick Fitoria in the stomach. Dull. Fitoria raised a hand and easily stopped the kick. Whoa! %char2% spun back from the blocked attack, but Fitoria was there behind her, delivering punches, one after the other. %char2% was managing to avoid them. Then the ground shook. Fitoria had slammed the soles of her feet into the ground and formed a crater around herself. How powerful was this girl? You can do it, %char2%! %char7% shouted from the interior of her cage. I’m not losing! %char2% turned back to Fitoria and swiped at her with the claws. At the same moment, %char2% appeared to blur. Too slow! Clang! There was a reverberating bang, but %char2% had managed to dodge the attack with a deft backbend. W…What?! Too slow. Ugh…    %char2% groaned in a voice she rarely used. She’s so fast. But I’m not gonna lose. %char2% straightened her back and crossed her arms before rushing forward. Was she already using her best attack? Haikuikku! Suddenly %char2% was a blur, and the air was filled with the reverberations of quick connecting attacks. I told you. Too slow. Fitoria slowly raised and lowered her arms. Then she lightly spun one of them in a circle. That was all she’d done, but… AHHHHHH! %char2% was flipping backwards through the air. %char2% twisted, and the wings on her back opened. They filled with air, and she landed lightly on her feet. You blocked my best attack! Mel is your friend, isn’t she? If you don’t give me all you’ve got… Fitoria stood there with both her hands on her hips, taunting %char2%. She looked like she was disappointed in %char2%’s performance. Suddenly %char7%’s cage shrunk. It was now pressing in on all sides. Wa! %char7% squirmed and hunched her shoulders to keep the bars from cutting into her. %char2% watched in horror, and something snapped. Mel! Uh… %char2%’s wings flew open, and she held her claws out at Fitoria. She attacked. Fitoria did not move. She didn’t dodge the attack or attempt to defend herself. Sparks flew when the attack connected, but she remained unharmed. That was impressive. Was she strong enough to ignore %char2%’s attacks? What could I say? %char2% had the highest attack of anyone in our party, by far. If Fitoria could just play with her like this… She must have had a great deal of experience. I wondered what level she was. Then take THIS! Fitoria curled her fingers into a fist and swung a counterattack at %char2%. It didn’t connect. It didn’t even brush her. But %char2%’s clothes were apparently torn by it. I don’t think magic clothing like that can protect you. She went on pummeling, and now the attacks seemed to be connecting. Dammit… I hated that I couldn’t interfere.    What did she mean by magic clothing? That’s right. %char2%’s clothing had been made at a magic shop. They’d formed %char2%’s own magic into threads, and then they used the material to make her clothing. That must be what she meant. Magic clothing was clothing made of magic. Fitoria raised her hands, and suddenly they were topped with glowing claws. She began to swipe at %char2% with them. They left trails of light as they moved through the air. %char2% ducked under one of the glowing parabolas. It brushed the top of her head. That would have hit had you been in %char2%lial form. Fitoria calmly explained. The attack had been so quick that there had been no hope of dodging it. And it was a magic attack. I’m not losing! %char2% once again began to move her arms up and down. I’m the source of all power. Hear my words and do as I SAY. Produce a tornado of wind and carry her away! Zweite Tornado! A howling tornado erupted from %char2%’s hands and flew towards Fitoria. But… I’M the source of all power. Here my words and do as I SAY. Render her tornado ineffective! Anti-Zweite Tornado!     There was a loud clang, and something seemed to enclose %char2%. The magic tornado that %char2% had produced vanished as though it had never been there at all. Interruption magic… Let’s see… Yeah, I think the beginning book on magic I had mentioned something like that. Magic Interruption. Yes, I think it said that it was possible in theory, but that it depended on your ability to understand the nature of your opponent, which required great stores of strength. Apparently it worked by analyzing and understanding the pattern inherent in the system of magic casing. Once the pattern was perceived, you had to send out the opposite pattern very quickly. Higher-level spells took longer to cast, and therefore were easier to block. But using magic interruption on mid-level magic was supposed to be very difficult. I’m not losing! Resolute, %char2% ran for Fitoria. But how could she expect this attack to be any different than her previous attempts? Fitoria had said that %char2%’s clothes were magic. This was about defense. Defense was supposed to be my specialty. %char2%’s clothes were originally made out of magic. Focusing magic could restore them. If so, then that meant… Wait, %char2%! What is it, Master? I’m busy right now! Use your magic to repair your clothing! Focus your magic on your clothes. It’s the only way! Okay! %char2% jumped back to get some distance before holding out her hands and focusing on her clothes. They began to repair themselves. Then they started to glow faintly. I had a feeling that this would raise her defense while she was in human form. Fitoria ran at %char2% and started to punch at her. Ha! Fitoria’s punch was strong enough to shake the earth, but %char2% had blocked it with her outstretched hands. Ugh… So… strong… But… I wondered… would she have been able to bear the brunt of the attack if    she hadn’t focused her magic into her clothing? %char2% took the brunt of the attack then knocked Fitoria’s arm away before rushing forward. Fitoria was open. %char2% lunged with the claws. The wind seemed to vibrate. She must have been raising her speed. Hiya! She threw the weight of her whole body behind the attack, and it connected. Or so I thought. But… Weak. There was a small shower of sparks, but, other than that, Fitoria appeared unfazed. I knew it. There was no way to get through her defenses. This wasn’t good. What if %char2% lost? What should I do? %char2% kept looking over at me. I didn’t have any more advice for her though. That’s what I thought anyway, but she was actually looking to %char7%, then me, then back to %char7%. …So that was her plan… I snuck over to %char7%’s cage and reached out to touch it. There was a crashing sound as the blades of wind attempted to cut into me —but my defense was high enough to endure it. %char2% must have wanted me to break the cage and end the fight. And she was right. If Fitoria was so much stronger than %char2%, then there was no chance of victory. %char7%. N…%Name%? Don’t move. I reached my arm inside of the case and tried to break it. But then… An incredibly strong wind blew up from beneath me, and I went flying. I do not like cheaters. Suddenly a tornado appeared and crashed into my torso. It felt like I’d been punched in the gut, and I flew backwards. Ugh… Did she just break through my defenses? Mr. %Name%! Ugh! I fell to the ground in pain, and my vision warped. Damn… I looked down to see my armor dented. I was bleeding. If I didn’t focus and cast some restorative magic, I’d be in real trouble. The armor could repair itself… but I… dammit…    Master! Stay focused. Muh… Can you fight after you’ve used your magic? I can! Reckless. Let’s finish this. Fitoria’s wings opened and pointed to the sky. Suuuuuuu… She paused and took a deliberate breath. Something was flying around us. It looked like she was gathering the magical elements to herself. What couldn’t she do? I wished I could do the same thing… but I could barely manage to pull off a simple magic spell. Still, I guess the best way to improve was to copy someone that could do it. It was something like stealing the contents of another person’s brain. Though if you really wanted to take it far, what were schools, if not constantly copying people from the past? Basically all of our accomplishments were nothing more than that: copying other people’s successes. Yeah. Someday I’d be strong enough to copy what Fitoria was doing. When I could, I’d make a point to learn it. I can do that too! %char2% copied Fitoria, and she began to gather magic to herself. …Too slow. The problem was that Fitoria had already gathered all the magic up. Fitoria rushed %char2% and pummeled her with her fists. U… Mu… Ku… But %char2%’s arms were crossed, and Fitoria hadn’t yet broken through her defenses. Fitoria jumped back and then twisted herself in the air, delivering an airborne kick. Can you stop this? Mkyaaaaaaaaa! She wasn’t able to block the kick, and she went spinning through the air before slamming into a wall of wind. I’m… I’m not losing… She rose to stand on shaky feet before, once again, gathering magic to herself. Mu…    She seemed to have recovered enough of her magic. She broke her concentration and moved into her next attack. Hiya! %char2% moved her wings up and down. She ducked down low, spread her wings, and held her claws forward. She began to shoot forward, carried on a strong current of wind. It was readily apparent to any observer that her magic was greatly concentrated. It must have been %char2%’s strongest attack. There were too many preparations necessary. I didn’t think she could use it in battle. Kuikku! %char2% was flying at Fitoria like a bullet. Her claws were out in front. She was flying just a hair over the ground, and spinning in the air. It was the fastest I’d ever seen her move. How to describe it? It was like the final attack for a flying robot in a strategy game. Heh…. Fitoria’s eyes widened in surprise. Fitoria’s clothes were cut slightly, ever so slightly. They were covered in fine cuts. Then %char2%’s claws connected with Fitoria’s face. I couldn’t believe it, but there was a scratch on Fitoria’s cheek. A drop of blood ran down Fitoria’s cheek. Fitoria looked at the blood that %char2% had torn from her face. She looked at where it fell. She smiled. That was when I noticed. I looked over at %char1%, and she nodded. Fitoria was just playing with us. She wanted to see how %char2% would react when faced with an opponent much stronger than herself. That’s why she smiled when she was hit with such an unexpected attack. The Legendary %char2%lial. The description seemed to fit. %char2% turned her nose up. She knew there was no way to win. We’d known that the battle was not going to be simple, but we hadn’t even decided the victor yet. Mu… %char2% grunted. At first I thought she was dissatisfied, but now she looked irritated. Is it my turn now? Fitoria stepped forward and sent a series of quick attacks flying at %char2%.    She was so fast! She’d been faster than %char2% up until this point anyway, but now she was moving even quicker. She wasn’t moving so fast that she was invisible, like when using Haikuikku, but she was a blur—never where you looked for her. Uh… Ahhh! %char2% couldn’t block the attacks, and she flew through the air. But before she landed, Fitoria was already there. She looked up at the falling %char2%… Ha! And kicked her hard, sending her flying back to where she’d come from. Ugh… Then Fitoria settled herself. She looked at %char2%, waiting for the next move. %char2% held her hand against where she ached, and magical light appeared there. She must have been using restorative magic, as her wounds were healing before our eyes. But she wasn’t very powerful anymore. She wasn’t able to heal herself back to normal, only until she wasn’t in immediate danger. Ugh… %char2% was very weak. She once again began to gather magic to herself. Look at me now. %char2% was done healing herself. Then she was on her feet and rushing at Fitoria. Maybe I was imagining it. No, I wasn’t. %char2% was moving much faster than she had been up until now. %char2% gathered power into her claws then copied the attack that Fitoria had just used. Ha! After three attacks, the wall of wind that Fitoria had made appeared to grow weak. It was shaking. Is that all you’ve got? I’d noticed it for a little while now, but %char2% seemed to be learning from, and copying exactly, all of Fitoria’s attacks. No… Fitoria was TEACHING her. She just hadn’t been holding back at all, so it took a while to notice. Yes… It was all training. It felt like Fitoria wanted to train %char2%… She wanted to train her so badly that she didn’t care if %char2% died in the process. Better hurry up. Meltan is in danger. Fitoria held a hand out in %char7%’s direction. The cage grew smaller around her, and the bars were slicing the ends of her hair. Kya!    Mel! Ugh! %char2% opened her wings and used the bullet attack again. She flew at Fitoria, but she was even faster this time. HIYAAAAAAAAA! Hm... Well, this is the end of the test. Do your best to stick it out. Fitoria used both of her hands to block %char2%’s attack. When %char2% spun away to recover, Fitoria planted a kick to her side. Ahhh! She went flying all the way to the cage made of wind, which she slammed into and kept flying. Rolling along the ground, she came to rest finally, like a beaten rag doll. I ran to where she fell. But %char2% held out her hand to stop me, and she rose on her shaking legs. I’m not… I’m not losing. She didn’t want my help, as if receiving help would disqualify her from the duel. She was shaking badly, but she took a step forward. She looked so weak. It was like she could fall over at any moment. She wanted to win so badly that she refused to accept defeat. %char2%! If you lose then we can’t get Mel back! %char2%… %char2%! It’s okay! It’s okay. No… I… I’m going to protect you, Mel. %char2% tottered over to where Fitoria stood. The power gloves had lost their claws, but she curled them into fists and punched at Fitoria anyway. Yaaaaah! But the attack was very weak, but her willpower was strong. %char2%’s fist connected with Fitoria’s stomach. … But it wasn’t enough to hurt her. Yes. That’s okay. That’s enough. %char2% fell, but Fitoria rushed forward and hugged her. The cage of wind that had been holding %char7% vanished. %char2%! Mel… She’s okay. She’ll be all right. Fitoria began to cast a spell on %char2%. Before our eyes, %char2%’s wounds began to heal, and all the tears in her clothing were mended. Huh?    %char2% quickly bat Fitoria’s hand away and resumed her fighting posture. It’s over. It is not over! I have to protect Mel! I know. But Meltan is okay. Look. Fitoria motioned for %char7% to come over. %char7% looked very carefully at Fitoria before slinking over to stand by %char2%. Do you understand? The test is over. Test? Just a little one. I have my own situations to deal with also. Oh yeah? %char2% didn’t immediately trust her but turned her head to the side as she listened to Fitoria. They’d just been locked in battle, but all the tension seemed to have evaporated. %char2%, she was just testing you. %char1% and I walked closer and tried to explain. Yes… It was a test. But I did truly intend to do as I’d said if she didn’t come through. Fitoria explained simply. I didn’t know why she felt like she had to do this. But, because of the fight with Fitoria, %char2% had learned some great skills for fighting in human form. %char2%, you have to think about your opponent. If you fight against humans when you are in %char2%lial form, it’s like fighting with a giant target on your back. Really? It was true that %char2% was very large in her %char2%lial form. Even if she could move very quickly, it made for a bigger target when facing a powerful enemy. Also, when she fought in her %char2%lial form she basically had to make all of her attacks into kicks. It wasn’t that she couldn’t use magic or rush attacks, but it would be best to think about what kind of opponent she was facing. Fitoria was trying to get %char2% to notice that there were other ways to fight. It would be useful to switch tactics in the middle of a fight anyway. It could confuse the enemy. So basically, Fitoria told %char2% that she should stay flexible about her options —and she taught her some new moves. This is proof that you have passed my test. Fitoria said, and pulled out a tiara. She gave it to %char2%. What? What’s this? It’s your reward for passing my test. Now lower your head.    %char2%, you’re supposed to go like this. %char7% grabbed %char2%’s sleeve and pulled her down into a bow. Would you look at that? %char7% was acting very princess-like for a change. Like this? Yes, that’s it. %char2% was bowing before Fitoria, who placed the tiara on her head. %char2%, you will be my heir. What’s that? It means that you will be the next great Queen of the %char2%lials. Oh… %char2%! Good for you! %char7% was so excited. She jumped up and down. %char2% didn’t seem so excited herself. Suddenly the tiara on %char2%’s head twinkled and shined. It sent light out in all directions, and then… Ping! A single cowlick appeared on %char2%’s head. One strand of hair stuck straight up. … %char1% and I were both silent. Was that some kind of prize? Huh? %char2%! You’re so cute! %char7% was very excited and was practically dancing in place… But %char2% didn’t seem to understand what was happening. %char7% hadn’t noticed. Wait a second. I considered myself a real Otaku. Did that mean I was supposed to get excited by this cowlick? Nope… I wasn’t feeling it. What happened?     Well… I pointed to %char2%’s head, and %char2% herself followed my gaze. She reached up and… What’s that? There’s something weird on my head! %char2% screamed and nearly jumped. She grabbed the clump of hair and… Rip! Wh?! She pulled it right off. %char2% was really something. It looked like it must have really hurt. Ouch! It must have hurt, but %char2% seemed proud of herself for getting rid of it. Boing! But after she’d torn it off, another strand of hair popped up to take its place. Another one?! What?! %char2%’s eyes filled with tears as, time and time again, she ripped the cowlicks off of her head. A new one always popped up to take its place though, and so she eventually gave up and hung her head. It was a weird little cowlick, It’ll only keep growing back, so you’d better give up. The more you grow, the more cowlicks you’ll have. What? But I don’t want… %char2% was looking at the cowlicks on Fitoria’s head. What did the Legendary %char2%lial have in mind by giving something like that to %char2%? I decided to have a look at %char2%’s status screen. Her stats had improved. It seemed like the tiara had conferred some abilities and status improvements. Considering that, for the time being anyway, %char2% had maxed out her level up potential, it was a good reward. And for the Shield Hero… Huh? I get something too? Fitoria pointed in my direction, then curled her finger up and beckoned for me to come over. Wait a second. If I walked over there, was she going to give me cowlicks too? I don’t need a new hairstyle.    Hairstyle? I didn’t explain further. It would only cause a fuss if I did. It’s better than that. And it will heal your wounds. Well, then… I didn’t know what she was going to give me, but I hoped it wasn’t anything too weird. I probably couldn’t have refused anyway, so I walked over to her. She reached out and touched my torso, healing my wounds. I hadn’t been able to completely heal them, so there had been a dull pain in the area. She took the pain away. Show me your Shield. She pointed to the shield and motioned for me to hold it up. Like this? I held the shield up. Fitoria pulled out her cowlick and held it up to the center of the shield. The shield immediately reacted and absorbed the hair. %char2%lial Series Forcibly Unlocked! Forcibly unlocked? I checked the tree, and there was a %char2%lial Shield glowing on it. It had a bunch of equip bonuses that all seemed to benefit %char2%lials, like power and growth adjustment (large, medium, small), detailed growth stat adjustment (large, medium, small), and others. One that immediately jumped out at me was called Ability While Riding (large, medium, small). It must have meant that %char2% would fight better with someone riding on her back. Still, my level wasn’t high enough to use most of the shield’s abilities. Luckily the shield was unlocked, so if I just met the requirements I’d be able to use its powers. It looked like the requirements had been met to unlock any shield related to %char2%lials. Thank you. You are welcome. However I still have something I would like to discuss with you. What’s that? I’d rather talk in private. This was becoming a rather strange reward. Hey—did this mean that all of the %char2%lial’s powers were concentrated into    those cowlicks? %char2% couldn’t level up anymore, at least for now. So I suppose it was a good thing. Um… Uh… %char7% was hesitant, and somewhat embarrassed, to speak to Fitoria. What? That was just to test %char2%, right? You weren’t…using me? Of course not. Isn’t there anything you want, Meltan? Um… Can you become a really big %char2%lial and let me ride on your head? Oddly engaged and passionate, %char7% made her request. …Very well. Fitoria seemed a little put out, but as she pat %char7% on the head, she started to grow larger. Then she smiled deeply. Wow… Then, just as she’d promised, she set %char7% onto her head. It’s so high up here! %char7% was very excited. Shield Hero, please back up a little. Okay. I stepped back as I was asked. And… Fitoria soon grew to be about eighteen meters tall. Just how big could she get? She was like a building. Wow! Wow! %char7%’s voice came down on the wind. Was it okay to take her so far from the ground? But seriously, just how big could she get? Or maybe that was her real size, and she had just transformed to match our size. Wow… %char7% seemed very relaxed. It’s like a dream… Too bad it’s not. %char2% was powerful enough to defeat a dragon, and that girl had used her like a toy… that wasn’t a good sign. Now then. The day has only just started. I’d like for you all to get a little more rest. Sure—if you’ll take us to where we want to go later. We’ll talk about that later. For the time being, just try to relax. My friends here also extend their greetings.    GAHHH! What? Celebrate the birth of a new queen? You mean me? Congratulations %char2%! Ah, ha, ha! Look how happy the %char2%lials are! The other %char2%lials all crowded around %char2% and lifted her up. M…Me? They had picked up %char1% as well. What was going on? We were suddenly very popular. We spent the rest of the day with the %char2%lials. It was a festival-like atmosphere. So there we were in seclusion. But once we left, how long would it be until the rest of the world believed in us too?       The whole day passed like a dream, and before long, night fell. %char1%, %char2%, and %char7% all fell asleep in a huge nest that the %char2%lials had prepared for them. Just like the night before, Fitoria stayed up to speak with me privately. What is it? About what we discussed last night… Damn, you’re persistent. What’s impossible is impossible. This morning she’d been serious about trying to kill us though. I realized that it was thanks to %char2%’s efforts that we made it out of that one. But why was she so powerful? How did she get strong enough to fling %char2% around like she was a doll? She was strong enough to take on all of the heroes at once. Did you really… try to be friends with them? Did you try? I didn’t answer immediately. If I didn’t think about my answer, she might kill me. %char6% had made up his mind about me. I wasn’t sure what Ren or %char5% thought. Since the run-in we had over %char7%, we hadn’t met again. I had no way of knowing where they were, but I remember that when we last left them, they seemed to have some suspicions about what I’d been accused of. Did you try to clear your name? She had noticed that I hadn’t really done anything. Especially concerning the rape accusation Bitch had made, I had given priority to my anger because I really believed there was no chance of anyone believing me. I told them that I had been framed, and they didn’t believe me. That’s why I didn’t believe them. But if I had been able to show them proof, would that have changed their minds? We weren’t close enough to sit down for a chat. They knew everything about this world, and they knew that I didn’t—but they still sent me out on my own and made no attempt to help me. Why should I go to them? All they wanted to do was play in their world and act all badass. How was I supposed to know what they were thinking?    I’d thought about it before. I tried to imagine what Ren was thinking. He knew that everyone was freaking out because I’d been accused of raping Bitch. Ren didn’t know much about Bitch, but he knew that she was beautiful. Who should he believe? The man accused of the crime, of the woman who claims to be the victim? If I were him, and I really didn’t know anything about either of them, I’d have to side with the woman who claimed to be the victim. It was similar to things I’d heard about back in my own world. On a commuter train one day, a woman grabbed a man’s arm and shouted, This man touched me! Even if he hadn’t touched her, everyone on the train would immediately look at him differently, suspiciously. Even if he could prove that he was being framed, the man’s social position would be forever damaged. What Bitch had done to me was similar to that. Sigh… My anger was starting to subside, ever so slightly. Just as I didn’t know anything about Ren or %char5%, they didn’t know anything about me. The same was true of %char6%. Well, %char6% clearly only thought about women. I felt like I had realized something important. If Ren and the others were looking into what had happened, then it might be worth it to try and speak with them. If we ran into each other, that is. If… Well, I’d try and talk the next time I saw them. If everything went well, we might be able to make some superficial amends. Of course, amends wouldn’t be possible until Bitch and Trash had been punished. Do you remember our previous conversation? Where should I take you after we leave this place? Yeah. I was planning on dropping you off somewhere near the Holy Heroes. You’re coming too, right? If she was as powerful as she seemed to be, she could probably help clear up the misunderstanding. Her chief concern was that the heroes work together. Considering that, it seemed like a fair request. I will not intrude on your affairs any longer. Please show me that there is a reason for me to care about you. Very self-satisfied, aren’t you?    That’s the problem. I haven’t found a reason to value the current Heroes. The only one of you I’ve met that has potential is %char2%. Prove me wrong. She clearly considered herself above me, but if she thought that she was doing it for the good of the world, then she really might kill the heroes for their infighting. I couldn’t exactly say she was mistaken. But I still had the feeling that she wasn’t going to save the world by knocking off people that were fighting with each other. Actually maybe I— or not I, but us... the heroes… maybe we were wrong about how serious the threat was. Besides, I have plenty of things to keep me busy. Like what? Like saving the world from the waves. It’s not like the waves only come to places where people live. Are there hourglasses outside of population centers? Fitoria nodded. I’d rather have not known that. So it wasn’t just civilization that was threatened? I’ve been put in charge of those areas. I’d love for you to help me, but you need to grow stronger first. So she meant that she’d gone out of her way to meet us and test us… while she had the time to do so. She wanted to see if we were strong enough to face what was coming. If we weren’t, she’d kill us. If you can, have a real conversation with them. The world doesn’t have time for the petty squabbles of Heroes. You make it sound like the heroes are always fighting. I’ve seen it happen many times. Fine. I have to do all I can to patch up the relationship, right? There’s more. What? If even one of the Heroes is missing when the waves come, the waves will grow stronger. If that is what’s happening, then the Heroes must be killed so that new ones may be summoned. It must happen for the sake of the world. Damn… I didn’t want to know that either. That meant that the danger grew worse if any of the heroes died. But if all the heroes died, then new ones could be summoned. What a situation. She was telling us to kiss and make up. But if we didn’t she’d kill us. This %char2%lial Queen sure knew how to give an obnoxious order.    I was lost in my thoughts for a moment, so Fitoria stood up and turned back to me. I don’t know how many waves it will take. But there will come a time when all the life in the world will be forced to sacrifice something great. … The Heroes will then be forced to make a decision. I’ll be waiting for you then. Decision? Whether you’ll fight for the world or for the people. If you can’t play nicely with the other Heroes and just want to be rid of your purpose, then at least stay alive until then. If you choose to fight for the world, you’ll have to make a great sacrifice, but you’ll be able to fulfill your purpose. What happens if I choose to fight for people? That’s a thorny path. The past Heroes wished for it. But it’s no longer possible. It is a path you cannot walk alone. You’d never make it. Hmm… Just how much do you know? Tell me everything. I’ve already forgotten so much. But I remember one thing. Saving the world and saving humanity are not the same thing. The world and its people were different. From the way she was speaking, it was clear that she was standing on the side of the world. She seemed mostly indifferent to what happened to its people. Then what did it mean to fight for the world? I knew she was referencing the waves, but I couldn’t figure the rest out. Regardless, there was a time when she wanted to see us again. It might be after the final wave. I wondered… what WOULD I choose? Even if it was on behalf of people, if I could do something to protect %char1% and the others, I’d probably choose to help people. So please, try to get along with the other Heroes. All I can say is that I will try. I can’t say how they will react, but you did give us those rewards. The least I can do is make an effort. She gave %char2% a tiara, and me a shield. The least I could do was hear her out. You passed the trial. I have more hope for you than I do for the other Heroes. Why? The Shield Hero who raised the new %char2%lial Queen can’t be all bad. I am though. I’m bad. I just said it without thinking. I mean… I’d bought a little girl as a slave and forced her to fight for me. I certainly wasn’t a GOOD person.    … Fitoria sent her gaze to the sky and sighed deeply. Think what you want for now. But don’t forget that we are connected through %char2%. Had %char2% not been able to pass her trial… she would have killed me. She was powerful enough to do it. I’d even been wounded. Fine. Shield Hero, I think that you have the strength to fix things with the other Heroes. And honestly… they are all just too weak. With how things are now, I won’t have to step in to take care of you all. You’ll take care of yourselves. Will it be so hard? It will be. And if you have to use that Shield… Fitoria reached a hand towards my armor. I suddenly felt lighter. The dragon core that had been imbedded into my barbarian armor somehow changed. It now appeared like a Taoist ying-yang symbol. Barbarian Armor + 1 (Protection of the Bird God): defense up: impact resistance (medium): fire resistance (large): wind resistance (large): shadow resistance (large): HP recovery (very small): magic up (medium): agility up (medium): magic defense manufacturing: spiritual contamination resistance: automatic recovery What’s this? It will help you resist the Cursed Series. Still, it won’t keep you safe completely… Don’t use the Shield if you can avoid it. I’ll do what I can, but you shouldn’t hold your breath. About this or about making up with the other Heroes. Please… Fitoria flashed the most sincere smile I’d seen yet as she walked over and leaned against me. You’re heavy. Get off. But Fitoria showed no signs of moving. … She kept leaning against me in silence. What was she doing? She looked like a little kid about to burst into tears. Why? It was my first thought. Why? What did she want? Then I thought of reasons. She’d said that a hero had raised her.    Where was that hero now? He’d either gone back to his own world, or he’d died a long time ago. Did she think I was like her new parent now? Did she see her old hero in me? There was nothing I could do about it. I ran my hand over her head. When I did, she buried her head against my shoulder and hugged me. It seemed like the only reason she had to live was the promise she’d made to the hero in the past. Was that all she had? She’d promised to protect the world. How many years had it been? Thinking on how long she’d worked for the world, I felt like the least I could do was accept her request. In all her years, how many people had she met and worked with? In THIS world? She must have fallen into disappointment and desperation many times. Was that why she didn’t trust anyone but the heroes? She was a rather clumsy girl. She seemed to be very powerful, but that was probably because she was trying so hard. When a little girl asks you to do something, it’s hard to say no. I’d do what I could. Eventually Fitoria’s breath became deeper, and I realized she’d fallen asleep against my shoulder. Her snores sounded just like %char2%’s. Someday, after I’d gone, would %char2% lean on another hero’s shoulder and fall asleep? As I thought about it, my eyelids grew heavy, and soon I was asleep too. Thank you so much! %char7% and %char2% were waving their arms energetically. Morning came, and Fitoria declared that it was probably about time we hit the road. She motioned for us to ride in the carriage. Once we were all in the carriage, Fitoria teleported us back to the field where we’d fought with the Tyrant Dragon Rex, and we all disembarked. Were the other heroes nearby? Are the other heroes somewhere nearby? I sense some kind of reaction nearby… Fitoria was staring at the carriage. That wasn’t a good sign. A moment passed. Then Fitoria transformed into her normal %char2%lial form before raising her wings and running away. That was an interesting experience, wasn’t it, Mr. %Name%? Sure was. Okay, %char2%…    Uh huh? Oh, I forgot to mention that Fitoria had given %char2% a parting gift. It was a new carriage. It was made of wood, though it wasn’t of exceptional quality. Everything was getting really complicated. Why had she put so much on my shoulders? %char2% had preferred the carriage that I’d bought, but there was really no choice but to compromise. %char2% turned into her %char2%lial Queen form and started to pull the carriage. Let’s go! Okay! Yeah! We can do it, right, %char2%?! We’d gotten far off course, but we were back on it now. We headed for the southwestern border. I didn’t think it was going to be this far… We’d arrived at the border. From where we stood we could see a small fortlike structure where guards watched the border from their patrol along the roof. There weren’t very many people crossing the border, and there were guards inspecting the contents of large luggage carts. Damn. They’re keeping a close watch. Because they are looking for us, right? At least there are fewer guards here than there were up at the northeastern border. That’s true… %char6% was standing near the border crossing. The fire-spewing demon was with him. I wished he’d go somewhere else. He’d never really listened to me. Or so I was thinking when Fitoria’s words came back to me. Could it be that my own assumptions were preventing us from reconciling? Regardless, Bitch was there too—and there was no way that she would hear me out. Anyway, there didn’t seem any way to cross without just charging head-on. I held on to a small hope that maybe they would listen to %char2%, %char7%, or %char1%. If we looked for another crossing now, we’d wander for a few days at least. And besides, our goal was right there before us. The main problem was %char6%. We’d made it out of all of our scuffles so far. If he wouldn’t listen to what we had to say, then we would just have to push    through. Right—we’d just have to force our way through. %char7%, the goal is right there. We have to push through, whatever happens. Still, I’m going to try talking to %char6%. I figured she was throwing some kind of hysteric fit, but it was important to make sure we were all on the same page. Okay. Huh? What’s that? What’s what? I thought you’d tell me not to because it would make us look bad. … She turned away and sighed in frustration. If the country is behaving so rashly, then a rash treatment is necessary. I knew what she meant. She was thinking of the nobleman that had wanted us dead so badly he’d release the seal on an ancient monster. He’d burn the country down to get at us. %char7% was decisive. That was good. Forcing our way over the border would probably result in less destruction than continuing to run. Okay. Let’s move! Are you all ready? Completely. Yup! I’ll give it my all. All right! I raised my hand, and %char2% threw her weight forward, running full-tilt with the carriage. We ran right up to the border crossing. It’s the Shield Demon! Some greeting… I’d been planning on compromising and trying to talk things over. And this is how they said hello? I’d reconsidered my approach after talking through it with Fitoria. But had I been wrong? Stop right there! Before the actual crossing there was some kind of mat laid out. It was covered with protruding nails. We’d never get the carriage over it. But %char2% didn’t show any signs of slowing down. Here they come! %char6% leveled his spear in our direction.    He was a feminist. He wouldn’t raise his spear to %char2%… would he? His spear began to glow. %char3%! Okay! Bitch started to cast a spell. Zweite Fire! Air Strike Javelin! And… As %char3% finished casting her spell, %char6% raised his shining spear and threw it at us. Combo Skill, Air Strike Fire Lance! A spear made of fire was flying straight for us. Shit! I immediately jumped up onto %char2%’s back and began to cast my own spell. Air Strike Shield! Second Shield! The two Air Strike Shields appeared in the air and stopped %char6%’s burning lance. But the shields were not able to stop the lance completely. It ricocheted and kept flying for the cart. %char2% jumped away from the cart to dodge it. I turned back to see %char1% and %char7% hold hands and leap from the cart just in time. Was %char6% flinging skills at us without hesitation now? Besides, what WAS that? Magic and skills could be combined into combo skills? I guess so. It was like the magic sword. Had he been holding back this whole time? Is that why they hadn’t used it up until now? What are you doing?! I was planning on trying to talk to him before we ran away, but he’d just run up and started attacking. %char3%! I know! Bitch, the princess, shot a look over at the soldiers. When she did, a magic cage, rippling and crackling with energy, appeared around us. What?! What the… What is this?! What’s happening? It was very large, about forty meters across. It appeared to be made out of lightning. Was it… magic? Or was it made from something else?    We finally found you, %Name%. You won’t get away this time. %char6%… He was looking at us, unmistakably gloating. What was that supposed to mean? His normal nonchalance was gone. %Name%, this is a magical device called a Lightning Cage. %char7% looked at the cage and explained its purpose. It is a trap installed over a specific area. It is designed to trap wizards and magic users. For wizards? What’s the point of it? It’s supposed to keep the targets trapped inside. Now it made sense. They’d seen us escape on %char2%’s quick feet before, so they wanted to fight in an area that would circumvent that entirely. I can break it, but it will take a little time. What’s the normal way to get out? You need the key from the person who set it up. I climbed down from %char2%’s back and glared at %char6%. Are you going to fight? Well I wanted to discuss things before it came to that. But it’s looking like a fight is more likely. %char1% unsheathed her sword and readied it. %char1%, you should focus on defense. Stay back if you can. But I... Am I fighting? Yes. If it comes to that. %char6% was weak when it came to pretty girls. He had just attacked without hesitation, but I was going to assume that he thought we’d dodge it. %char7%, can you focus on breaking the cage? I can try… but I can’t make any promises. Okay then—%char1%, you focus on protecting %char7% as she works to break the cage. All right! After I finished assigning everyone their roles, I walked over in %char6%’s direction. %char6%, listen to me. It might have been because of the chat I’d had with Fitoria, but I was starting to suspect that %char6% really was just being deceived by Bitch. If that wasn’t the case, then he wouldn’t have tried to go out of his way to save %char1% from me. He might have been a little slow on the uptake, but for the time being I was    going to assume that he had never really intended to frame me. You think you can brain wash me with your Brain Washing Shield?! Oh man… He was already convinced that the Brain Washing Shield was a real thing. Honestly though, it was his complete lack of critical thought that reeked of brain washing. But he was the Spear Hero. If I could trust what I’d been reading in The Records of the Four Holy Warriors, then the Spear Hero was supposed to have a loyal heart. Loyalty, in this case, clearly meant that he did not doubt those that he considered his friends. And Bitch, the princess, and Trash, the king, were right behind him. If he’d believe his so-called friends without a second thought, then he was just an idiot. Mr. %char6%! We have to hurry and save %char7% and the other brain washed victims of the Shield Demon! Bitch was always ready to add fuel to the fire. How rotten was this woman? I’m not going to hold back anymore. …Me neither. After I was summoned here, I had to endure %char6%’s absurdity on the second day, then on the first day of the second month. The thought of ending all that seemed reasonable enough. Dammit! There I was, falling into the same pattern again. Why didn’t I learn?! Anyway, listen to me. Is this really the time for heroes to squabble among themselves? Where are Ren and %char5%? If you don’t think of a good reason for just you to devote all your time to chasing me, then you’re acting like a fool! If he were convinced I was evil, then I would turn the conversation to Ren and %char5%—because they weren’t chasing me. If we talked about them enough, maybe %char6% would wake up to his own suspicions. Even though they’re dead, I won’t believe anything you say! Huh? Dead? What was he talking about? Ren and %char5%? Us? Who? What? Hey, %char6%. What are you talking about? Who’s dead? That’s how you tricked Ren and %char5% too! That’s how you killed them! What? What are you talking about? Explain yourself! You’re trying to trick me! I won’t listen! I know all about it! After that monster was released from a town YOU were at, you snuck up behind Ren and    %char5% and killed them! What the hell happened in Melromarc while we were with Fitoria? The only idea I could come up with was that Ren and %char5% had gone looking into the broken seal. They were getting too close to the truth, so someone had them killed. I don’t know if it was Trash or the Church, but someone was trying to pin the whole thing on me, and they were whispering to %char6% about it! You’re wrong! Think about it! I don’t have a reason to kill Ren or %char5%! Shut up. I don’t believe you. I’m done holding back! Even if a girl has to be the new Shield, I’ll have to dirty my hands to avenge Ren and %char5%! It wasn’t working. %char6% had made up his mind that I had murdered the other heroes. Damn. Someone had beaten me to it. Fitoria, I’m sorry. The heroes didn’t seem to care about saving the world at all. Of all the heroes needed to somehow stand up to the crisis bearing down on the world… somehow… there were only two left. And looking at %char6%’s behavior, he wasn’t going to be satisfied until I was dead too. But I couldn’t die there. I changed my shield into the Chimera Viper Shield and turned to face %char6%. %char6% had Bitch and two other girls in his party. There were soldiers pouring from the border crossing. The cage kept them from interfering directly —but it also prevented our escape. As for my side of things, %char2% and I stood at the front lines. %char7% was in the back trying to break the cage while %char1% protected her. Everyone, let us have our revenge! %char6%, you’re crazy. It’s time you realized that. Fine. Things were different now. %char7% couldn’t fight, but I still had %char2% and %char1%. If I really used my shield, we wouldn’t lose. Finally, we were going to settle this whole matter once and for all. AAAAHHHHHHHH! We ran headfirst into the battle for the future.       %char2%, you go for %char6%, and… As the battle began, I gave %char2% orders. %char6% said that he wouldn’t hold back—even against women. His eyes were burning with hatred. He readied his spear. I, the next princess, am the source of all power. May the entire universe hear my words and heed them. Rain fire on the enemy! Zweite Fire Squall! When Bitch’s pompous chanting came to an end, it was followed by magical fire raining from the sky. %Name%! %char2%! I am the source of all power! Hear my words and heed them! Stop the rain that falls on them! Anti-Zweite Fire Squall! %char7% stopped trying to break the Lightning Cage so that she could cast an interference spell on the raining fire. But she wasn’t able to completely negate the effects of Bitch’s spell, and fire continued to fall on us. The whole area burst into flames. It looked like a sea of fire. Luckily, it was only large enough to affect %char2% and me on the front line. That’s right. I’m not letting you kick at Mr. %char6% this time. Bitch was running for us now, casting spells without hesitation. But %char7% was good with magic too. Still, Bitch’s level was higher. %char2%! Are you okay?! Yup! I’m fine! %char2% hadn’t taken any significant damage from the fire. As for me… I’d been fine the last time the Crown’s wizards decided to subject me to baptism by fire. It didn’t bother me this time either. I am the source of all power. Hear my words and heed them! Bring the rain of mercy! Zweite Squall! %char7% summoned a powerful rain to protect her and %char1%. Ha! Mr. %char6%, you just stay focused on the Shield Demon! I’ll take care of this bird with my magic! Bitch and the other girls in %char6%’s party all began to chant spells.    I’m going! %char2% didn’t bother to pay attention to the chanting. She rushed straight for %char6%. Wait, %char2%! She shouldn’t just run in—we had no idea what was waiting for us! Wing Tackle! A huge ball of wind appeared and flew straight for %char2%, who was still running at %char6%. Hoh! With a puff, %char2% transformed into human form in mid-stride. In a flash she slipped on the power gloves and ran to slice at %char6%. Ugh… %char6% turned his spear vertical and blocked %char2%’s attack. Now I see. Fitoria taught %char2% how to fight in human form, and %char2% had used that to dodge the attack! Here I coooooooome! %char2%’s claws were slicing at %char6% in an instant. It was like a catfight. %char2%’s high agility rendered her attacks so quick that they were hard to follow. Sure, she had already been really fast, but the tricks Fitoria had taught her had an apparent effect. She was stronger. Sorry, %char2%! %char6% readied his spear and sent a skill at %char2%. Shooting Star Spear! I wouldn’t let him get that skill off so easily! I jumped between him and %char2% and blocked the attack with my shield. %char6%’s spear began to glow brightly, and it formed into a spear of light. He threw it at us. The energy spear split and rained down from above. Ugh?! I used the hardest part of my shield to block the attack. The shock of the attack was very powerful. I felt it reverberate through my shield. My bones rattled. I felt like I could hear them. Was he using his most powerful attacks already? What did he want? Well, if it was a real fight, I guess there was no reason for him to hold back. How’d you like THAT? I’ve got more where that came from! Chaos Spear! Rising Dragon Spear! %char6% sent out skill after skill. My Chimera Viper Shield didn’t even have a chance to trigger its Snake Fang counterattack.    Dammit! He was so confident! His level must have been very high. %char3%! Everyone! I know! Zweite Fire! Zweite Air Shot! Fire and wind—and my skills combine. Combo skill! Air Strike Burst Flare Lance! Ugh! Every place on my body that I hadn’t covered with my shield shouted out in pain. I didn’t even want to think about what would have happened if my Barbarian Armor hadn’t come with fire and wind resistance. Had I only survived because of Fitoria’s protection? I didn’t want to see it, to accept it… but I couldn’t ignore the blood seeping through the cracks of my armor. I needed recovery magic… But %char6% wasn’t going to give me the time to cast it. Shield Prison! A cage of shields appeared around %char6%. Windmill! %char6% spun his spear in wide circles very quickly. The shields composing the cage all flew away. Damn… His attack power had clearly outgrown my ability to defend against it. The cool down time for his skills had expired, and he began to send skills at us again, one after the other. There was no way to win this fight if we had to be on the defensive the whole time. Master! %char2% crossed her arms and ran at %char6%. Don’t interfere! %char6% spun his spear around and jabbed %char2% in the gut with the handle. But before the hit connected, I was able to cast a spell. I am the Shield Hero and the source of all power. Hear my words and heed them. Protect her! First Guard! There was a crashing sound, and it looked like I got the spell cast just in time. The handle of %char6%’s spear clattered away from %char2% before the hit could connect. Luckily we’d found out, in the course of the battle with Fitoria, that %char2%’s    human clothes had an excellent defense rating. Combined with my defense spell, her defense had become impressively high. Dammit! I’m not losing! Too alert to let the chance slip by, %char2% flashed her claws at %char6% while he recovered. Damn! I won’t let you get me! %char6% dodged her attack. He moved to counter attack, but %char2% had already jumped back and was chanting a spell. I’m the source of all power. Hear my words! Attack him with a fierce tornado! Zweite Tornado! I’m the source of all power—may the whole universe hear my words and heed them! Disperse the tornado! We are the source of all power. Hear our words and heed them! Disperse the tornado! Anti-Zweite Tornado! Because of the interference magic from the other three, %char2%’s tornado became nothing more than a refreshing breeze. %char2% began to concentrate even harder. I grabbed %char6%’s arm to keep him from moving. Let me go! Why should I? %char2%! Yup! Haikuikku! %char2% was a blur, moving very quickly. She was suddenly behind %char6%. I still had a grip on him. Ugh… There was a ripping sound, and %char2%’s claws bit into him again and again. Don’t think that’s enough to beat me! %char6% tore himself free of my grip and spun his spear, readying it. He thrust it straight at my eyes. He was fast. I tipped my head to the side just in time for the spear tip to graze my ear. Ha! Waahh! A soldier had been trapped in the cage with us, and %char1% took him out. The soldiers were trying to rush in any time they thought that %char7% or %char1% had let their guard down. They were always wrong. Those two weren’t    to be trifled with. They could certainly protect themselves… But how long was it going to take to finish? What should we do? If we could defeat %char6%, we’d get an opportunity to escape. Of course we’d still have to deal with Bitch and the others. Things were looking bad. It was going to be a matter of what would run out sooner: my endurance or Bitch’s magic. Huh?! Bitch and her friends were drinking magic water to replenish their lost magic! That wasn’t good. Did that mean that I’d have to somehow hold on until they ran out of magic potions?! You’re pretty good, %Name%. Is this how you managed to kill Ren and %char5%?! I already told you I didn’t do that! Listen to me! %char6% was using skills so quickly that he was running out of breath. Still, I was starting to take a lot of damage! I felt blood dripping from my body. Besides, I’m not powerful because of the reasons you think. I’ve had a hard time of it here! I’m not like you, Mr. ‘I know everything about the world.’ I’m not trying to be badass! Since I was summoned to the world, I’d spent so much time trying out so many different things, battling so many different monsters. I hadn’t pulled any punches when it came to methods that might make me stronger. I’d tried to unlock as many shields and abilities as I could. But… but in the end… Did a shielder really stand no chance? Fool! What? %char6% was distracted. Bitch was screaming his name. I followed his gaze to see what he was looking at. The magic sword was protruding from the shoulder of one of his party members. Hey now—that should make it harder for them to keep up the magic barrage. %char1% had been paying attention. Noticing that we were in trouble, she’d broken from her post at the back and come to assist us. As for %char7%… she was still working to destroy the Lightning Cage. Any time a soldier got too close for comfort she used a spell to send him flying. But there were still soldiers trying to get close.    Princess! Watch out! Mel! Ugh! Seeing that %char7% was about to be overwhelmed, %char2% immediately transformed into her %char2%lial Queen form and rushed to help. She tossed the soldiers away as if they were toys. She wasn’t using Haikuikku, but she still moved very quickly. It was thanks to the battle with Fitoria. Mr. %Name%! Stop watching %char2%—you’re leaving yourself wide open! Damn! Bitch was furious that she’d lost a party member. She drew her sword and swung it at %char1%. We’ve crossed swords before. You cannot defeat me! The clashing of their swords was loud and sharp. But %char1% was parrying all of Bitch’s attacks. Yes—it was a good fight. I was just praying that %char7% would find a way to destroy the cage. %char3%! Damn! %char6% turned to run to Bitch, but I stopped him. %char6%, listen to me. Everything that is happening is because of a conspiracy perpetrated by Bitch, the princess, and the Church of the Three Heroes. We did NOT kill Ren or %char5%. I don’t believe you! Out of my way! I tried, again and again, to reason with him. But %char6% wouldn’t listen. This wasn’t loyalty. It was blind faith! He was too stubborn to listen. What should we do? I couldn’t attack, and if %char2% started attacking there would be no one to protect %char7%. Sure, she’d come if I called her… Mr. %Name%! %char1% shouted my name. Her tail was all puffed up. She had something she really wanted to tell me. That’s it—%char6% had just shown me the way. %char6% was watching for %char3% to leave herself open. I brushed past him and synchronized my breathing with %char1%’s. I am the source of all power. Hear my words and heed them. Hide us! First Hiding! I was concentrating and focusing on %char1%, and just as she cast her spell, a new skill name appeared in my field of view. So that’s how you do it… Hiding Shield! Change Shield! What are you doing to %char3%? Paralyze Spear!    %char6% turned and sent a skill flying at %char1%. But… What?! A shield appeared immediately before %char1%’s eyes. Yes, that was our combo skill. Hiding Shield. It was a skill that made an invisible magic shield. I used Change Shield to turn it into a shield with a counter effect. I decided to use the Soul Eater Shield, with its counter effect of soul eat. Ugh! The Soul Eater Shield bit into %char6%, turned into a ball of magic, and flew towards me. It stole my SP! I had hoped for that effect. The soul eat effect stole his SP. I had no way of knowing how much SP %char6% had, but this should make things a little easier on us. Don’t underestimate Mr. %Name%. %char1% said before disappearing with Hide Mirage and moving away unseen. Where is she?! Mr. %char6%! Leave her to me! Bitch tried to cancel %char1%’s magic, but %char1% was already too far away. It won’t be that easy! %char6% lowered his spear and came charging at me like a boar. Take that!" %char6% saw that I was relieved by %char1%’s escape. He sent a skill flying at me. From the way he moved, I assumed it was a Shooting Star Spear. My new and improved armor had made my vision better… but could I do it? I reached out… and grabbed the handle of the glowing spear. You idiot! Did you just grab my Shooting Star Spear?! You’re the idiot, using the same skills over and over! I can follow your every movement, Dumbass! The Chimera Viper Shield’s counter effect, Snake Bite (medium), activated and bit into %char6%. Ugh… My body… Finally, he was poisoned. %char6% made a convoluted gesture and somehow produced medicine from his spear. How did he do that?    I won’t let you! Ha! Try and stop me! I reached out to stop him from taking the medicine, but I was too late. He’d managed to drink it while I was trying to figure out where it had come from. Heh… Don’t think that poison is such a big deal. Okay, but how do you get an antidote out of a spear? I didn’t understand. Poison doesn’t work? Is that what you said? I hate to tell you that I’ve seen it work plenty of times. %char2% was attacking so quickly that %char6% was having trouble coming up with an answer. Seriously, calm down and listen to me! We didn’t do anything to Ren or %char5%! How many times do I have to tell you that it’s all a conspiracy—and the woman behind you is the one pulling the strings! Why should I listen to you? I believe in my friends! Friends? I think he meant to say women. Regardless—I’d tried. It was fair to say I’d been true to my promise to Fitoria. And I hadn’t tried to use the Shield of Rage yet. Okay, well, I tried to be fair to you. I tried to talk it out. I didn’t want to do this. I made a show of holding my shield out. If I didn’t do something, the situation would only get worse. If %char7% wasn’t able to break the cage, then support troops would keep showing up until they overwhelmed us. If we didn’t escape before that happened, that would be the end of us. Don’t forget %char2%! I called out to %char1% for her support. Judging from how you’ve been attacking, you’ve got reason to be cautious. Ugh… %char7%. What? You understand? …Yes. I only had one idea. I’d use %char1%’s magic to make an invisible shield, and I’d set it where %char6% was moving. It would have a counter effect, and %char2% and %char7% would combine their magic to damage him. If we just kept using magic, they’d interfere and stop it. But would they be    able to stop this? Your friends sure do like using fire and wind magic. I’m sure you realize that neither of those are very effective against me, right? I wasn’t sure what to be grateful for, but it seemed like Fitoria’s protection was giving us an edge over %char6%. And certainly you realize that I still have a trump card I haven’t used yet? %char6% had seen the Shield of Rage once before. He was having a difficult enough fight as things were—and he knew I wasn’t using the shield yet. So what would happen if I pulled out the Shield of Rage now? Well, %char2% would go crazy… but that wasn’t such a big problem. Not yet! %char6% quickly leveled his spear at me. Air Strike Javelin! The spear was whistling through the air at me. Yeah, right! I snatched it out of the air. There was a metallic clang when it hit my fingers, and I felt a little pain. I was holding the spear, but the second I loosened my grip it flew back into %char6%’s hand. Mel. Right. %char2%, breathe with me! Okay! %char7% and %char2% synchronized their breathing and began to chant a spell. We are the source of all power. Hear our words and heed them… Combo Magic?! The Bitch and her friends all went pale. What was that? Wait… I’d read about it in the magic book. Some very advanced magic required the cooperation of another wizard or witch. Combo magic was one of those types. At the very least it required two people, but they could combine their powers to make more complicated spells. The level above combo magic was called ceremony magic. Apparently it was very large-scale magic that was used in wars. It could be very powerful… or so I’d heard. Destroy them with a swirling storm! Typhoon! %char7% and %char2% moved their hands together, and a small tornado emerged    from the point where they met. It was small, but looked very powerful, and it was filled with rain and hail. It howled at %char6% and his party. They wouldn’t be able to stop it. They’d have to endure it. Damn! I’ll protect you! %char6% dashed to stand before his party. He held his spear out horizontal and took the brunt of the tornado head-on. Arghhhhhhh! He wasn’t able to bear the force, and he went flipping through the air. But then the tornado dissipated. Maybe %char7% and %char2%’s magic wasn’t strong enough to keep it sustained. %char6% collapsed heavily, but then he was back on his feet in a second. I… I can’t lose here. Not to you… If I lose, then Princess %char7%, %char1%… %char2%… they’ll all belong to you. The thought of him truly believing in his justice, fighting all this way, made me feel like he had some qualities that might actually be commendable. But hey… how come I was the bad guy? %char6% wasn’t so stupid as to think I was the mid-level boss in his little game, was he? It pissed me off just to think about it. Who did he think he was? I’ll save them. For Ren and %char5%! You womanizing clown… It’s pathetic to see you like this. Why wouldn’t he just believe me? Wasn’t it an easier explanation than all of this brain washing business? If only he’d dedicate that fanatical resolve to something more important… What a waste. Ugh… We couldn’t deliver the final blow. His friends were standing in the way. But to think that he fought this whole way and wasn’t giving up even though he was on the verge of collapse… I guess he really was a hero in that regard. But he couldn’t just blindly believe in himself and continue to insist on his own personal version of justice. Give it up. You can’t beat us. All I want is for you to listen to me. We were at a crossroads. I had to find some way to get him to listen, or this was the end of the line. …Unless we could run away. %char7%, I appreciate your help with the fighting. But please go back to breaking the cage. I already am!    Mr. %char6%! If we don’t defeat the Shield Demon now, he’ll escape! We have to take care of them now, or we won’t get another chance to save %char7%! I know that! I guess %char6% and his party members had no way of knowing that it was all a conspiracy. They really wanted to kill %char7%. It was kind of sad. The real enemy was standing right next to him, and he didn’t know it. But Bitch didn’t know how to give up. I looked over to %char1%, and she nodded back at me. I wanted her to use Hide Mirage to vanish and shut Bitch up once and for all. She still had the magic sword. If she could use it to knock Bitch out, we might still have a chance of escape. But I couldn’t pretend that I’d be satisfied with that. A part of me wanted her dead. Still, if I ever wanted to clear my name, I couldn’t go around killing people. If I wanted to take care of Bitch, I’d have to make sure that Trash had been dealt with first. If I didn’t, I wouldn’t be any better than he was. But if I wanted to get rid of someone that was standing in my way—I’d just have to sacrifice them and power through. Was that right? No! I had to prove my innocence! I’m not losing… I’m not!! I couldn’t tell if that was some kind of kamikaze thing, but %char6% was running right for me with his spear out. %char2%! Yup! The next attack would put an end to this… Or so I thought. Before they could clash, the whole area was filled with a bizarre sound. I looked around and discovered that all the soldiers that had been standing around were gone. Something was happening, but what? I heard rhythmic slaps… like someone was… clapping? Ah… I’d expect no less from the Spear. You’ve demonstrated excellent resolve. Thank you for your efforts. The whole area was filled with a presence so powerful it was nearly suffocating… but what was it?       %char2%’s wings were standing up straight. She quickly reverted to her %char2%lial Queen form and ran back down the path she’d come up. She plucked %char7% up and set her on her back. %char1% was about to duck to the ground, but %char2% reached out for her. What?! Me! Wh… What’s happening, %char2%?! AHHHHHH! I… I’m the princess. I don’t care what your emotions might be doing to you. You cannot just pick me up and… She must have used Haikuikku, because she was just a blur. She ran through %char6% and Bitch, kicking them left and right as she ran for me. Huh? Who would have thought %char6% would be so easily defeated? Then I noticed that I was clearly out of breath. Furthermore, it looked like neither %char6% nor Bitch had taken any damage. Hey, %char2%…. Ugh! Suddenly %char2%, and everyone else, friend and foe alike, were lying in a pile at my feet.     Master! Prepare to defend! Switch to that black Shield! If you don’t, we’ll never survive! W…What are you talking about? Just do it! Put a lot of Shield in the air over us. Ugh… Fine! Persuaded by %char2%’s panic, I switched to the Shield of Rage. I used Shield Prison and followed it with Air Strike Shield and Second Shield. At nearly the same time as the Shield Prison’s deployment, a massive pillar of light appeared in the sky directly over us. Ugh… I was rocked to my very core by an intense shock. The pillar of light immediately blasted through the Second Shield and Air Strike Shield, but the Shield Prison seemed to be holding. %char2%! Are you okay? Yup! I think I’m fine! The standing feather on her head was glowing. Had it saved her? Normally %char2% went insane whenever I used the Shield of Rage because she’d eaten the dragon core that had caused it to become stronger. This time, however, she seemed to be able to control it. It seemed I had a lot of things I needed to thank Fitoria for. She really did seem to know what she was talking about, and she was certainly powerful enough to command the heroes to cooperate. There was a cracking, splintering sound, and I raised my shield skyward to protect everyone from what was coming next. The Shield Prison broke, and light filtered down on us. I could see the light around the edges of my shield, so it was apparently covering a very wide area. %char2% stretched out her wings to cover the pile of people around us. Uuuuuuuggghhhhhh! I felt my strength being chipped away by the light. I felt like I was being erased. Just a little more… There! Done! The light vanished as quickly as it had appeared. I kept my shield at the ready. %char2% also hopped to her feet and pulled her wings back, freeing everyone from her stifling feathers. The entire field around us was black… scorched. The fort that had originally been built to defend the border had been reduced to a pile of rubble, and we were standing in the middle of a crater. It    looked like an asteroid had hit us. There were a few soldiers standing around. They were looking at us and smiling. Had %char6% and Bitch tried to end the fight with some kind of powerful spell? What was going on? Could it be…? The Shield Demon remains calm after being hit with the highest ceremonial magic, ‘Judgment.’ Very impressive. I looked in the direction of the voice and saw the same high priest that had met with us at the church back in Melromarc castle town. He was smiling. A large crowd of attendants stood behind him. There were knights among them. You…! The high priest looked over at us all. He stared at %char6%. Were these support troops? No… That attack had definitely included %char6% among its targets. But if it wasn’t support troops, then… We must have only survived the power of that attack because of the Shield of Rage. But hey, %char2%… Why did she go out of her way to save %char6% and Bitch? We were so close to being free of them. They could have tasted some real pain for once. The other heroes had apparently already died. So why did I care if we lost one more? He didn’t listen to reason anyway. She really should have just protected %char1% and %char7%. Whatever. Putting that aside for the moment, what was this high priest up to? What are you thinking? How could you use an attack that might have killed both the Spear Hero and the princess? The Spear Hero… was it? These guys were supposed to worship the Sword, Bow, and Spear. I wouldn’t have expected him to behave in a way that would put one of them in danger. But there he was, still smiling at us. What was happening? I was starting to get a bad feeling about it. He looked like he’d go right on smiling the same way had his attack left behind a pile of corpses. It was like a half smile. It contained a secret. I don’t know what it was, maybe the color in his cheeks. Anyway, something wasn’t right there. That made me think. What had happened to Ren and %char5%? Someone had killed them. %char6% obviously thought that I was responsible, but I wasn’t. That meant that the real criminal was still out there somewhere. It seemed reasonable to assume that this was the guy behind it all. The objects of our devotion are the Heroes that save the world from    destruction, from the waves. Heroes that travel the world stirring up trouble are not the true Heroes. They are a mockery of our faith. The high priest was speaking casually, as if this were just a normal conversation. What was that?! %char6% was shocked. He stared at the high priest with intensity. For the justice of the people, an adjustment must be made regarding the ascendancy of the crown. The princess you see here is already dead—murdered by the Shield Demon. Do not waste your time worrying about a corpse. How could…? Whatever. %char1% started to voice her disagreement but gave up. The last time we’d met the high priest, he’d seemed peaceful, equitable, and fair. That must have been a misunderstanding on my part. One must be grateful for the mercy and power of the holy water one has received, yet the Shield Demon has continued to behave aggressively. I have come as the representative of God to purify him. His logic was something to behold. It sounded like he had given us the Holy Water at the proper price because he hadn’t considered us a threat. But now that he had something to lose, he was going to kill us. So I guess he hadn’t really understood the big picture back then. Either that, or he’d kept his head down to avoid suspicion. Give me a break! I’M the princess here! I haven’t been killed by the Shield! Actually, Princess Malty, all this has already been decided. Do not worry. We have already made preparations for your successor. The country will be in safe hands. Everything proceeds according to the will of God. Bitch… She would do anything, anything at all to get what she wanted. Now that the high priest was explaining the conspiracy to everyone, she didn’t see the need to butt in on the conversation. Her face seemed to grow paler by the second. You’re… lying, right? Ahahaha! No. If the world is to be saved, it must be cleansed of vulgar people like you. Shut up! Do you mean to say you tricked us?! %char6% was blubbering. His face streaked with tears, he pointed his spear at the high priest. We’ve been fighting to save Princess %char7%… to save this very country! Has that been a lie?! Not exactly. All of this has been for the good of the country, for the good    of the very world. The Shield Demon has been abducting and leading people, and the other three Heroes have been behaving in a way that leads our countrymen to doubt the truth of our teachings. This has been a fight to correct these injustices. The Crown must be secured. You hypocrite… I whispered, but the high priest heard me. He twisted his face up and spoke with apparent consternation. Yes… False Heroes causing problems throughout the land has caused people to question their faith. The false Sword Hero caused a virulent disease to break out and spread. It brought chaos to the ecosystem. The false Spear Hero released a powerful, sealed monster, and the false Bow Hero has been hiding his powers, bringing pain and confusion to my disciples. I was the one that cleaned up all of those issues. I wasn’t sure what %char5% had done, but the governor he’d ousted for fraudulent taxes must have been very wealthy. Maybe he was donating that money to charity? And besides, the crazy nobleman who’d released the sealed monster had been a fanatical devotee of the Church. Furthermore, the false Sword and Bow Heroes had launched unnecessary investigations into these matters. They had to be taken care of, so we did so. The high priest was still speaking as if all this were the most obvious thing in the world. What?! Hey, %char6%—what are you so surprised for? If only you’d listened… We called the Sword and Bow, and they came to the designated meeting place, whereby they were erased through the same magic you just witnessed, ‘Judgment.’ This, too, is according to the will of God. Ren and %char5%… Just as I’d suspected. They hadn’t been chasing me because they’d found the whole situation suspicious. They’d launched their own investigations. %char5%… Well, he’d believed in Ren and listened to what he’d said. How could they do such a thing? If %char5% found out about all this, his sense of justice would have compelled him to put a stop to it. But they’d beat him to it, and killed him without warning. You killed them? They were fighting for this world! Ren! %char5%! %char6% was furious. He was screaming. Give me a break. It’s not like they were best friends or anything. Apologies to Ren and %char5%, but I wasn’t really feeling anything emotional at the news of their deaths.    To be honest, I was remembering what Fitoria had said, about how the waves would get worse if any of the heroes died… Please don’t put it that way. I’d rather you said that we purified the world of the demons who were trying to take advantage of us. You… As for the king and queen, we’ll tell them that the country nearly fell into the hands of the false Heroes. We were able to save the world from them, but in the process the princesses… Ha! Who would believe that? Or… actually Trash would probably accept it without a second thought—anything to pin his troubles on me. Actually, back in my world, there were probably plenty of powerful people that looked pathetic after the truth came to the surface—people that had been executed for scheming to instigate wars. I guess I didn’t know the truth either, but at the very least I could say one thing. They were going to execute us based on their own selfish theories. %Name%. Let’s call a truce. I need your help. %char6% turned to look me in the eyes. How convenient for you. Don’t think I’ll let you forget how you were treating me up until five minutes ago. Do you even understand why you ignored me when I asked you to listen? How many times did I ask? I wouldn’t let him off that easily. I asked him to listen to me, and he answered with attacks. I couldn’t let that slide. Besides, the fool had honestly believed in the stupid Brain Washing Shield. Please! I… I have to give them a funeral! I cannot forgive this! Sure, sure. I’m sure you can beat him on your own. I wouldn’t let him off the line. Did he understand how miserable he’d made me all these months? You won’t help me? Don’t you feel anything for Ren and %char5%? I feel plenty of things. I plan to end this with a bloodbath. But %char6%, I don’t feel any responsibility to help you. The cage was broken. If we all jumped on %char2% we might be able to escape. I was sorry for Fitoria, but even if we reconciled, I’d never be able to trust him. I didn’t plan on fighting him for forever, but I wanted him to know how I felt. By the way… I extended my index finger and pointed at %char6%. Then I lowered it to the ground and smiled. Do me a favor and die. All you think about is what’s in your pants.    You bastard! %char6% stumbled, weak on his feet. He made a fist and swung it at me. You sure you want to punch me? I had the Shield of Rage equipped. That meant that if he punched me, selfcurse burning would activate—and that would probably kill him. Damn… Still, it would have hit %char1%, %char2%, and %char7%—so I’d have to control it. What a fight you two have going! I’d expect no less from the false Spear Hero and the Shield Demon. Shut up! Yeah, shut up! I don’t need you anyway. I’ll take him out on my own! Ahaha! You think you can defeat me? How quaint. The high priest laughed and called for an underling to bring him a weapon. What was it? It looked like a giant sword… It was shining silver and inlaid with complicated designs. Honestly, it was really cool. The center of it held a square-shaped jewel of some kind that gave me a bad feeling. It looked like the sort of weapon that started showing up in the latter half of a game… like the Sword of God? Wh… what’s that…? Bitch and %char7% both went pale. %Name%! Be careful! That thing is… I’ll begin with the Shield Demon. Accept the judgment of God. The high priest raised the sword into the air. Despite that he was standing quite a distance from us, he brought it down. And a powerful shockwave came flying straight at me. I quickly raised my shield and took the hit. Ugh! It was so powerful that I nearly went flying. It was much, much more powerful than %char6%’s Shooting Star Spear, and I was nearly knocked unconscious. The ground before me split, and the split grew wider. Hold on a second. I had the Shield of Rage equipped! I’d used that shield to block the most powerful skills that %char6% and the other’s were capable of, and it hadn’t been a problem. If he was able to hurt me that easily… just what was that weapon? %Name%… That’s a relic from the past! It’s a replica of the weapon used by a Legendary Hero…       That’s a replica? It sure looked more powerful than the original. Or should I say that I was comparing it to Ren’s weapon because it was a sword. It was certainly more powerful than %char6%’s spear. It was probably at least fifteen times more powerful. If it was only fifteen times more powerful, then I should be able to use the Shield of Rage to defend against it. But judging from the strength of its last attack, it must have been more powerful than that. But how could…. That was supposed to have been destroyed hundreds of years ago. Not destroyed… stolen. And the organization behind the theft must have been the Church of the Three Heroes. It was like the various conspiracy theories about bombs back in my world. They must have been produced in vast quantities, but some are missing. So where did they go? But more importantly, if that was a replica of the legendary weapon, then did that mean that Ren’s sword would have become something like that? Granted, I had more reasons to be suspicious than most did, but was it really okay to entrust that much power to a single person? If that thing was just a replica, then who knows what the real thing would be capable of? If they had that, did they really need to bother with summoning new heroes? But why think about such things? I could just ask the high priest directly. If you had something like that, why bother to summon us at all? If you made more of those you could handle the waves on your own. %char7% shook her head. If it were that simple to copy the Legendary Weapons then we would have already done so… To make something like that requires vast resources that we simply don’t have. Really? Yes. To swing it even once requires the accumulation of hundreds of people’s magic over the course of a month. And mass production is out of the question. That thing has been around since ancient times. It’s a legend in and of itself. Wow. I’d seen something like it in an anime. It was a story about a giant robot that    needed to use all the electricity in Japan to make a single shot. Maybe this sword was like that? If it could scatter-shoot, like buckshot, it would be a real terror. Yes, our disciples have risked their very lives, day and night, to imbue this with their magic. I had to use it for the sake of our holy battle. The holy battle we face right this moment! Holy battle, huh? Well at least he was prepared. The Legendary Hero… So this was a copy of his sword or something? They said it had been stolen hundreds of years ago, and they’d spent a long time filling it with magic. And he used it right from the get-go? Damn! That thing could prove to be a real problem. No, it was proof that he was in a real tough spot. If we could just get over this, there would be ample opportunity to counterattack. We just had to see it through. Now that I’ve used it once to get a feel for it, perhaps we should proceed to battle? The high priest held the sword out. When he did, it suddenly changed shapes to resemble a spear. The shape changed, but the quality had not. If they said it was a weapon used by the same person, I’d believe it. It transforms?! Yes, because it is a Legendary Weapon. Sword, Spear, Bow… We must purify them all. Escape was looking like a good option, but would we be able to get away with someone using a weapon like that? When he’d sent out that shockwave, it had moved so quickly that dodging it would have been difficult. Apparently he’d been holding back too. But if he had used a bow-like skill with that weapon, I don’t think that %char2% would have been able to outrun the attack. There is a limit to what my disciples can do, so I’d like to end this as quickly as possible. The high priest shouldered the hopes of his disciples and knights as he turned the weapon on us. The spear-shaped replica weapon began to glow then split into three spears of light. High-Skill, Brionac?! %char6%, the Spear Hero, shouted. It must have been a skill he knew from his game. If he was screaming, then it must have been a powerful skill. A simple swing of the sword had been damaging enough. What would its    skills be capable of? We couldn’t run, but could we endure? According to %char6% and the other heroes, the shield wouldn’t stand a chance. No way out… is that what this was? I wasn’t ready to give up yet. %char2%! Yup! %char2% knew what I wanted in an instant. She picked me up and threw me at the high priest. The second the high priest was within my skill range, I shouted. Shield Prison! A cage of shields appeared and enclosed the high priest. If I could use Change Shield (attack) and then Iron Maiden… What are you up to? He didn’t even have to do anything. The latent energy from his skill alone was enough to shatter the Shield Prison. What?! No, wait… I had to stay calm. I wasn’t going to be able to use Iron Maiden. That meant I only had one other attack option. I had to hit him with Self Curse Burning. But to do that, I’d have to be in his attack range and get his spear attack to… No—that wasn’t it. I could still take the initiative. %char2%! Throw %char6% over here! What?! Yup! Just as I’d asked, %char2% threw %char6% in my direction before I’d even hit the ground. Ahhhhhhhhh! I could hear %char6%’s scream get louder as he flew closer to me. %char6%, attack me! What?! Ah, okay! %char6% was an idiot, but at least he figured out what I was after. I turned to face him, and %char6% thrust his spear at me. There was a metallic clash as the tip clattered against my shield. Yes—that was perfect. Shooting Star Spear! Immediately after hitting me, %char6% turned and sent a skill flying for the high priest. Fool.    %char6%’s skill broke in mid air. It failed to penetrate a mysterious force field that the high priest must have had around himself. What?! My turn! Self curse burning activated, and a huge vortex appeared centered on myself. The cursed flames spread to enclose the high priest. The force field around him vanished, and the flames… That won’t work! The high priest’s disciples were all singing… Our God is the source of all power. Hear the truth and head it. Miraculously purify the curse! High-level ceremonial magic, Sanctuary! The area was suddenly filled with white light, and my self curse burning was blown away. Was I stupid? Of course, I should have known that holy power would have a negative effect on my curse power. Could it be that the holy water I’d bought to cure %char1%’s curse had just been a trick? Maybe. But to heal her, I’d needed the best holy water there was. I thought the curse was powerful, and yet he’d destroyed it in an instant… Air Strike Shield! Second Shield! Before %char6% and I could hit the high priest, I conjured up some shields that we could use to move back. Hey, %char6%’s friends! Can we get some restorative magic?! If you treat us like enemies, we aren’t going to make it out of this! Oh! Um… Zweite Heal! %char6% and my wounds healed. That was good and necessary. Ugh… I had to fight with %char6%. I couldn’t think of a worse situation. But if we didn’t do something about the enemy in front of us, we wouldn’t survive. Master! I’m coming too! Be careful! Okay! %char2% turned into her human form and ran for the high priest. So did I, and so did %char1% and %char6% too. There was no reason to stand there and let him play with us. Just because the self curse burning hadn’t worked didn’t mean that we should just stand there twiddling our thumbs. Luckily enough, and maybe just because the powerful skill took a while to    charge, the high priest was still pointing the spear at us. He wasn’t moving. Hai….kuikku! %char2% shouted as she ran, and turned in to a blur. Then she was behind the high priest. But everything stopped for a minute. %char2% was cradling her fist. Ugh… It’s so HARD! Whatever sort of force field that replica weapon had produced had stopped her punch. Shooting Star Spear! A thousand lights flew at the high priest, but they didn’t seem to reach him. Use Fire Lance or something! Hey, yeah! %char3%! I’ll punish you for defying the future queen! Bitch was furious as she cast her spell. Her friends were casting too. Mr. %char6%. This is support magic! Zweite Power! Hey, couldn’t they cast that kind of thing on %char2% too? Couldn’t they try and be a little more helpful? Thanks! Come on! %char6% flashed a smile at his party and then obnoxiously winked. Then he used a skill, but it was slower than before. Fire-Storm Shooting Star Spear! It was basically the Shooting Star Spear imbued with wind and fire magic. It took a little longer to activate than his basic skill. The flames flickered in the wind. The blade blazed like a shooting star. The winds came up, and the fires blazed all the more as the spear accelerated. There was no snap, no flash. %char6% heaved the spear at the high priest. Had it been me, I wouldn’t have even tried to block it. It was easy enough to dodge. The attack wouldn’t work on anything but a completely immobile enemy. Unless, that is, it had some kind of effects I didn’t know about. Besides, they’d just cast support magic on %char6%. Maybe that would do something? And yet… with a disappointing clang, the spear clattered against the high priest’s defensive barrier, accomplishing nothing. Ugh… %char6% moved to put distance between the high priest and himself. Then he held his head in his hands as though he was suddenly dizzy. Mr. %char6%, are you all right?! Yeah, but… I need SP. And the cool down time…    Apparently he had to pay a price for using a high-level skill. It took a while to pull the skill off, and it had been too slow to hit its mark. If it took so long, you’d think it was powerful, but it hadn’t been enough to make it through the barrier. How hard was that thing? It had rendered my self curse burning useless, and neither %char2% nor %char6%’s attacks had been able to penetrate it. Your Holiness! We’re about to use defensive magic! Our God is the source of all power. Hear the truth and head it. Protect the holy one! High-level ceremonial magic, Castle Wall! Three of the disciples standing behind the high priest cast support magic on him, but there was no way for us to interfere before it was effective. What the hell was a castle wall? A wall of light appeared around the high priest, and it looked a lot like a fort. Hiyaaaa! %char1% and %char2% attacked the wall, but it simply repelled them. %char2%! %char1%! I’ll help too! %char7% used her preferred spell, Aqua Shot, but it was as ineffective as I expected. Nothing made it through the barrier. I started to think that it might be better to focus on attacking the disciples in the back. But before I could give voice to my concerns… Well, I think that’s enough playing around. I’m ready to put an end to this. The spear in the high priest’s hands began to spark, perhaps indicating that it was ready to use a skill. All right, we have reached the end. Farewell, Demon and false Hero. The spear burst into light, and the high priest smiled at us. He looked like a satisfied exorcist. Mel! In a flash, %char2% was protecting %char7%. %char1% took my hand. Is this it…? %char6% muttered. It sounded like an admission of defeat. I…I’m going to be the queen! If you treat me this way then I— Bitch was screaming whatever came into her head. The other girls in %char6%’s party had lost their composure entirely and were sobbing hysterically. The only one of us that might be able to survive the attack was me… Which meant that all I could do was run to the front and hold up my shield.    Obviously, I wouldn’t do it to protect the likes of these jerks. But I’d do it to protect %char1%. To protect %char7%—and %char2%. I’d do it to protect the people that believed in me. I readied my shield and stepped forward. I’m with you. %char1% stepped forward at the same time as me. She held my hand. She stayed with me this whole time. Even if she hadn’t been aware of it, she’d been bought as a slave by the Shield Demon and forced into the world of battles and violence. I’m sorry. I’m sorry I brought you into all this. Don’t be, Mr. %Name%. I believe you can still protect us. You’re right. I don’t know what the past Spear Hero was like, but this is still a skill from the Spear Hero. There was still more to do. This couldn’t be the end. Finally all the conspiracies, and my chance to right them, were standing right before me. Brionac… It was the name of a spear from Celtic mythology. And I was about to block it. The high priest raised his spear to the sky… Hand Red Sword! Shooting Star Bow! A shower of swords appeared directly above the high priest, and one huge arrow. They came streaming down from the sky. What’s this?! The high priest immediately stopped using the skill and used another one, which I think had been called Windmill Spear, to block the sudden shower of weapons. I turned to find the source of the voices, and I saw… What’s this? I thought that the two of you had been purified by the judgment of God. What are you doing here? Ren, %char5%, and their respective parties were standing there. I thought they were dead! But there they were anyway—alive. Don’t just go imagining us dead! Did you bother to check for bodies? Just on the edge of a crisis, glad we made it. Ren and %char5% were standing in their battle poses and calling out to us. I’m sure that you wouldn’t even think to check for bodies after using magic on the scale you did But these are the consequences of your oversight. I looked at the crater that remained from the high priest’s original attack. Fair enough… If the attack was powerful enough to leave a crater of this    size, you wouldn’t expect there to be anything remaining of its victims. Still— we’d all survived it. I was looking over at Ren when I suddenly realized how heavy my body felt. The Shield of Rage was screaming in my head as though it had finally found the enemy worthy of all its hated. It was just like Fitoria had said. The shield had found the person it hated. Ren was filling the shield with rage. I had to contain it… This was no time to lose control. How did you… %char6% was talking to them as if he’d seen a ghost. I didn’t share the same suspicions, but it was a little odd that all of the heroes suddenly found themselves together way out in the middle of nowhere. Shadows… or something like that, came out of nowhere and saved us. Yes, it was very close. Huh? Shadows are the ones that told us where we could find %Name%. I thought they were on the Church’s side? I had been wondering if %char6% had some way of figuring out where we were going. After he disappeared I wondered if he had only vanished to head us off. It was sounding like I was right. What did it mean? It meant that shadows working for the Church had been slipping %char6% information about our whereabouts. Which reminded me… You said that the shadows weren’t a monolithic organization, didn’t you? That’s right. The shadows that helped us said that they were under orders from the queen. Okay then. So I guess that meant that there were still shadows looking out for us. That meant that it was probably safe to assume that the queen and the Church were enemies. At the very least, now that all four of the heroes were enemies of the Church, there wasn’t much of a chance that she would be working with them. Still… Why did they have to just show up like that? It was so overdramatic. It reminded me of a weekly, serialized manga or something. It made me wonder if they had been holding back and watching for the best time to show up and save the day. If it were a manga, I guess that would make %char6% the protagonist, and I’d be… what? Some kind of mini-boss? Give me a break. Nah, I’d be the kind of character that was chronically misunderstood but    actually a good guy at heart. If all this were a manga, I mean. Not to disappoint, but I couldn’t picture %char6% and I embracing in an emotional reconciliation. Backup is coming to help us arrest you, High Priest! Give it up! Ren pontificated, very authoritative. But the high priest didn’t seem very concerned. How many troops arrive is irrelevant. Victory is mine. That simple fact will not be changed. All your efforts are meaningless! The high priest slipped back into skill summoning. You think? Yeah. The two heroes and their parties formed a line and began flinging skills at the high priest. Shooting Star Sword! Shooting Star Bow! Arcs of light flew from Ren’s sword, lightning arrows from %char5%’s bow. They flew straight for the high priest. But they broke against the replica weapon’s force field. The high priest just smiled. Ren and %char5% didn’t give up though. They continued casting spells and summoning skills. But the force field around the high priest expanded, and none of their attacks were able to make it through. I should have expected such disappointing efforts from false Heroes. Wha…? This is tough. I didn’t think he had a force field like that! I thought you were going to take him out! You can’t?! Why did you bother coming?! Did they just want to make a good entrance? You showed up without a plan? Don’t you think you could be a little more polite? Ren and %char5%’s weapons burst into light. But it would take time for them to activate their skills. Thunder Sword! Thunder Shoot! With a loud clap, the high priest’s force field shattered. We were just buying time to activate these skills. Whoa. They’d broken through the field that my self curse burning had been useless against. They might have been assholes, but they really were heroes.    Nothing at all like %char6%. Did we stand a chance? I could have done that if only I’d had SP… Oh, get over yourself! Or hey—if he had access to such powerful skills, why hadn’t he used them against me? I guess the skills took a while to activate, and I hadn’t given him a window of opportunity. Although his Shooting Star Spear had been a little sluggish… Whatever. If we were going to attack, the time had come! C’mon everyone. Let’s go! Ren shouted, and we all started to attack. I’m first! %char2% had dashed to the front of the line. Judging on speed alone, she was by far the fastest one of us. Hiya! %char6% ran at the high priest and thrust his spear at him. Take that! Ren followed him, his sword cutting arcs left and right. Everyone, I’m right behind you! %char5% drew back the string of his bow and shot an arrow. Mr. %Name%. I’m going too. I am too! %char1% and %char7% both ran to attack. The high priest held his weapon out and took the brunt of everyone’s attacks. They didn’t seem to faze him at all. A barrage of attacks from heroes didn’t bother him at all? Fools. You think you can defeat me when I have a Legendary Weapon like this? Ha! The high priest’s disciples immediately cast restorative magic on him, and the small wounds he had received vanished. Things weren’t looking good. If we could manage to get a single hit in, the disciples healed it instantly. Now then… Let us move into the casting of Judgment. The disciples all nodded, and a moment later they all began chanting in unison. All those that would pretend to be Heroes are evil. This guy was really something. He was obviously a fanatic. Didn’t he notice that? This will take care of you all. The high priest was really planning to kill everyone.    He was charging up for something, probably for the Brionac attack… %Name%. What? Ren was speaking to me. Work with me. Let’s take him out. You’re really the last person I want to work with. But, oh well… We weren’t going to be able to escape the high priest’s attack. And it looked like he was planning on using the Judgment spell at the same time. Not even I could survive both of them. First take out the people in the back. Until they’re taken care of, we don’t stand a chance. Yeah. Ren and his party were already running for the group of disciples. Unfortunately the disciples weren’t mere underlings. They seemed to be pretty damn powerful, actually. More than any other time, all the heroes, %char1%, %char2%—all of us were fighting together. And the high priest was charging up for a major attack. And the disciples were preparing to use Judgment. Friends, this is a holy war! Fight for justice! Your deaths will not be forgotten. Yes, Your Holiness! The fanatics behind him all responded in unison. The high priest was taking the attacks of the sword, spear, bow, and all of their party members. He was bleeding, but he didn’t seem to notice or care. He’d move until he lost his legs. Then he’d use his arms. Then when he lost them, he’d use magic. His fanatical devotees also seemed ready to fight to the death. They were positively insane! Damn… I can’t get an attack in. There were too many of them. It looked like a scene from the Battle of the Three Kingdoms, or from Dynasty Warriors. Of course the real enemy was the high priest himself, but he was surrounded by so many people it was hard to get a hit in. It was easy enough to take one or two of them down, but the second a hit connected, another person was there to cast recovery spells on them. Had this been a game, it would have been enough just to defeat them. But this wasn’t a game. Of course I didn’t have some moral reason to avoid killing them. I    WANTED to kill them, but it took time to do so. I’ll run into the crowd. Then one of you needs to attack me. Think of how much you hate me. Then attack. My counterattack will flare up and hit everyone, so make sure you’re not in the area. Keep your distance. Self curse burning was my only real chance to attack. I’d have to rush into the crowd and try and interfere with their casting of Judgment. If I was in a good spot when it happened, I could take a lot of them out with self curse burning. Okay. Okay, I’m going in! I told everyone that could use magic to focus on support. Anyone else who remained and wasn’t a good melee fighter was supposed to stay back and use magic to protect the supporters. The heroes were the attackers; the supporters were the magic users, and everyone else was to focus on defense. Yeah… I didn’t have a ton of faith in the plan. Here we go! I took the lead and ran for the crowd of disciples. I wasn’t able to attack, so if I wanted to deal any damage, I only had one option. %Name%! %char6% swung his spear into my shield, and self curse burning activated. AAARRRRHHHHHH! Any disciples that weren’t summoning Judgment turned to use holy magic to counter my self curse burning. But they weren’t able to nullify it completely, and the dark flames consumed a good number of them. AAAARRRRRHHHHHH! The cursed flames would also delay any recovery spells they cast. If we got our attacks in before they recovered, we might stand a chance. I used Air Strike Shield and then Change Shield to call up the Rope Shield. Then I used the grappling hook to swing back to where the other heroes were. The hook had a special effect that produced a string I could manipulate. I wrapped it around my arm and used it to pull me back to everyone else—and it worked well. Thunder Sword! Thunder Shoot! At the same time, the other heroes all used their strongest skills against the crowd of disciples. All the skills looked like they were formed from lightning.    A bolt of lightning shot straight through the high priest before exploding in the midst of the disciples gathered behind him. AAARRRRHHHHHHH! The disciples went flying like leaves from a tree, but the high priest himself didn’t seem to have suffered any severe damage. How strong was this guy? How powerful was his weapon? That’s enough toying around. A smile spread over his face, very victorious, and the high priest leveled his spear at us. Everyone get together! Wait! Everyone use %Name%as a shield! In an instant everyone was clumped together behind me. Did they have a meeting about all this beforehand or something? That skill he’s about to use covers a very wide area. It splits into thousands of spears and pierces through crowds of enemies. If you want to defend against it, it’s better to gather in one spot. Uh huh… Well, if you really know how to use it, you can set the number of targets… It was sounding like the sort of skill that could lock on to its enemies. That could be pretty annoying. Brionac! The high priest’s skill activated and came flying for us. A blazing white light filled the area and drew near. We can take this! Yes! Everyone, help me! Shooting Star Sword! Shooting Star Bow! Shooting Star Spear! Ren, %char5%, and %char6% all sent out flashing skills. Their three shining skills converged and merged into a large beam of light. Their party members all used their attack magic too in an attempt to raise the power of the attack. %char2%! %char7%! You two help too! Okay! %Name%! You should help too! All I can do is defend! What do you want from me?! What about %char1%?! I, um… I still don’t know any attack magic!    %char1% nodded apologetically. That was the problem with having an unconventional skill set. All I could do was defend. %char1%’s magic was only good for manipulating light and shadow. %char7%’s face was scrunched up in annoyance, but she added her attack power to the heroes’. Here it comes! There was a loud crackling sound as the energy forms slammed into each other. Here we gooooooooo! ARRRhhhhh! Hiyaaaaaaaa! The huge beam formed from the heroes’ skills held against the high priest’s attack. The support magic started flowing in too, and slowly, slowly, the beam appeared to overpower the high priest’s skill. Heh… Is that all you’ve got? The high priest was still smiling. Was he holding back? You idiot! We’re not beaten yet! Yeah! We’re still going strong! Yes, everyone—more power! The three heroes all focused and gave all their power to the attack beam. I could barely tell, but it looked like the beam grew a little stronger. Was it pushing back the high priest’s attack? And yet… What was this feeling I had? I felt something… ominous. All right. Here I come. The high priest spoke calmly then began to focus. When he closed his eyes, his weapon turned black, then white, then began to slowly flicker. It looked like he was ready to use a powerful attack. Watch out! Shit! If they all died, I’d be in trouble! Couldn’t we have all teamed up some other time? Did we have to try this now? I pushed the other heroes to the ground, canceling their skill, and I ran to the front. A beam of light shot thorough my body. Along with the pain came a roaring, unbelievably loud sound. I thought I’d go crazy. The beam did not make it through me. I’d protected everyone.    Huff… Huff… Mr. %Name%! %Name%… Ren looked down at me, speechless. The other heroes and their party members were silent too. Ha… I never expected you to survive that. You really are the Shield Demon. The high priest pompously spun his spear as he spoke. Are you all… okay? My eyes were blurry, but I turned around. I saw a huge V cut into the ground around me. If I hadn’t blocked the attack, people would have died. Luckily everyone had been able to get behind me in time. Zweite Heal! They cast strong restorative magic on me, and my wounds healed before my eyes. To think he’d been able to use such a powerful skill while taking the brunt of the heroes’ attacks… How powerful was he? Ugh… My SP… Me too. And me. The three of them had used all their SP and were reaching for bottles of Soul Healing Water to replenish it. It would take a little while to recover enough SP to use another attack. I heard shouting. Just as Ren had said, support troops were showing up behind us. A large crowd was forming. With any luck, they’d take care of the high priest’s disciples. I suppose I’ll just have to deal with them too. Stay back!! Ren shouted, but it was too late. The high priest turned his spear into a sword and stuck it into the ground. A huge earthquake occurred, and the ground split apart here and there. Behind us, where the support troops were gathering, the ground split and magma came rushing out. AAAAAAHHHHHH!! Nearly all of the support troops were on fire, flying through the air. That must have been most of them. The high priest was too powerful. Ahahaha! Well, that was simple. As long as I have this weapon, I’m just like God. If I am God, who needs the Heroes?! I am God! Everyone! Let us judge those who oppose me here and now!    YES! And I thought that our situation was improving. With the support troops defeated, it seemed like nothing had changed at all. The blade of the high priest’s sword began to turn and warp before reforming into the shape of a phoenix. I bet he was about to use a skill even more powerful than Brionac. This wasn’t good. The surviving support troops probably had no idea that the high priest was so powerful. If we weren’t careful, he’d kill them all with one shot. Are we ready with Judgment? Let’s go together. The high priest indicated that he wanted to use his skill at the same time as the Judgment spell. It seemed like we’d gained a second or two to collect ourselves, but who knew what sort of attack he was preparing? Is this it? The other heroes were looking very pale. I guess we had a chance at winning, but it was too late… We were too reckless… Or I should say that if Ren and %char5% hadn’t shown up, %char6% and I would have already died. From that perspective, it was reasonable to say that we’d done our best. But had I done MY best? Was there anything I could still do? If I used the Shield of Rage… Wasn’t there still some way out of this? Fitoria had warned me time and time again… but what choice did I have? If we didn’t make it out of this fight, there was nothing left for us. We’d all die here. If that were true, then why hold back? Ren, get over here. What? You have a plan? I asked him to come over, and so he did—but he was suspicious. I felt the shield throbbing. It was shaking. I’d intentionally sealed it away, but inside the Shield of Rage lay the core of the dragon that Ren killed. My vision was filled with its memories, with its desires… It had found its enemy, and it begged for slaughter. That’s it… More. Explode with rage! I’d been restraining the power of the shield for %char1%. Now I tried to draw out all of its power. %char1%… Your hand… Yes. I took %char1%’s hand, and then held my shield arm out towards Ren.    Then I looked over at Bitch and %char6% and called for all the rage within me that I’d spent these months learning to control. I hated everything, I forgot everything. My vision tunneled and went black. I was filled with black emotion. Released emotions have triggered its strength! Curse Series, Shield of Rage abilities up! Transforming into Wrath Shield! Wrath Shield III: abilities locked: equip bonus: skill Change Shield (attack), Iron Maiden, Blood Sacrifice: equip effect: dark curse burning: power up: dragon rage: roar: familial violence: magic sharing rage robe (medium) In an instant, I was filled to the brim with darkness.       !! I turned to the sky and screamed, but no noise came from my throat. I hate it! What did I hate? The whole world! Everything! I hated everything so much I thought I was going to lose my mind. Everything was red and black, and everything I looked at caused more hatred to bubble up from within. ! I heard someone speaking to me. For a second, it felt like I’d been doused with water. But even that was meaningless. ! Everything I touched was irritating. I wanted to burn it all! Master, do you really hate everything? Everything tried to trick me, to hurt me, to kill me! I hate everything! Really? Really? Do you really mean it? Yeah… so what?! Did you hate all the time you spent with me and %char1%? I… remembered that voice. I remembered a young girl that stayed by my side through everything. She was loyal through everything. She protected me even when she was hurt. It filled my mind. There was one that hatched from an egg, grew up, and said that she loved me. That… I knew you didn’t. I knew you didn’t because, Master, you always tried to do things for us! The black and red were giving way. Everything was clearing. It was like they’d thrown water on the fire. I felt the water seeping into my heart. So, Master, I’ll eat your anger! I’ll eat your hatred! Suddenly everything was clear. I looked around. Mr. %Name%! Are you okay?! It looked like only a few seconds had passed since I screamed at the sky. %char1% was speaking to me. She was worried. Ren put his hand on my shoulder.    Master, are you okay? You… You held me back? Yup. It was hard on you, wasn’t it? %char2% was in her %char2%lial Queen form. She hugged me from behind. Her wings and legs were burned. They were black. She must not have been able to endure the power of the shield once it grew stronger. It must have been very painful. And yet… And yet she was worried about me. I’m… %char1% and I… and Mel, and everyone! We all believe in you. We believe in you, so… do your best! …Yeah. You’re right… You’re right. I couldn’t afford to be swallowed by hatred. All I had to do was crush the source of my pain. If I could just kill him, what happened later didn’t matter. I’d… for %char7%, for the heroes… I’d kill him! …I’m going. What are you going to do? I’m going to use my strongest shield’s strongest skill. What’s with that Shield? It’s always been ominous, but it looks even worse now. The Shield of Rage II had an angry dragon shape on it, but when it became the Shield of Wrath it looked even scarier. The dragon’s face had twisted into a demon’s, and its corners were bent and warped. It’s a skill I’ll probably use on you some day. Attack him and give me a chance to use it. You… Oh well. I guess we don’t have any choice but to rely on you. That’s correct. You’re a hard guy to trust, but it’s our only chance. Whatever. We’ll use our magic to support you. The heroes all nodded and turned to face the high priest. Now, now… What a useless resistance. Let’s end this. Our preparations are complete. Your end is at hand. The air seemed to be filled with magic. The sky was filled with light, growing denser, ready to fall on us at any moment. Let’s go! When I shouted, all the heroes ran towards the high priest. %char2%, put me on your back and fly! Ooo-kay! %char2% flipped me onto her back and leapt high into the air. High-level ceremonial magic, Judgment!    The baptismal light in the sky came shooting down! Goooooo! I held my shield up. A sound like breaking glass filled my ears, and the light fell on me. But it wasn’t powerful enough to break through the Shield of Wrath III. Not a single photon made it past me. He’s not hurt by Judgment?! Could it be?! The high priest was shocked. Half of his smile melted away. I’d paid a heavy price to use that shield. I hoped it was as powerful as it felt. You fool! You won’t survive this! The high priest raised his sword and brought it down in my direction. Phoenix Blade! A bird made of fire erupted from the blade and flew straight for me. I don’t think so! I readied my shield. %char2% was chanting a spell, forming some kind of connection with me. I suddenly knew what to do. The words appeared in my head. Rage Robe (medium) activation requirements? The Shield Hero and his tribe are the source of power. Hear my words and heed them. Turn these flames into strength! Wrath Fire! My rage would be my power. The bird of fire flew straight into me. The flames spread to try and burn me, but all the fire turned into power for me. What?! He ate my skill?! The attacks of the heroes and %char2%’s powerful kicks cracked and then destroyed the high priest’s force field. Here I come! %char2% used her best attack! She was in her %char2%lial Queen form, but she was moving her wings in the same way as she had when she’d attacked Fitoria. She had enough power to use it now, in a real battle. She was moving towards the high priest very quickly. The high priest turned his weapon into a spear and readied it to block her. He started to spin the spear in front of him. I was getting a bad feeling. State of Selflessness!? %char6% shouted in surprise. It must have been a powerful spear skill. You cannot resist the will of God! I am God himself!    Everything but %char2%’s attack flew back. The spear was filled with light. Ugh! Ouch! The light from the spear reached me. It felt like it was trying to rip me open from the inside. It was very painful. A counter skill?! How obnoxious was he?! But you can’t stop us! Can’t I? Then his weapon turned into a bow and he jumped backwards. Don’t let him escape! %char2%! Yup! Haikuikku! She was on him in a flash, kicking. But the high priest vanished the second her kick connected. He couldn’t get away. He had to die. Where… Where was he? The minute I started to wonder, a large number of high priests suddenly appeared! What now? All the disciples had suddenly switched form. They looked just like the high priest! Mirage Arrow?! %char5% shouted. That skill forms illusions and confuses the enemy! Be careful! Damn… how were we supposed to find the real high priest? The field was filled with high priests, and there seemed to be more and more by the second. Heh, heh, heh… That was interesting, but it’s time we ended this. All of the high priests raised their bows and pulled back the string. He was ready to use a skill. This is the most powerful single skill. Shield Demon, I hope you enjoy it. The bows were shining. Shit! I could probably survive it, but how would we get a counter attack in? I am the queen and the source of all power. Hear my words and heed them. Restrain them in a cage of ice! All Drifa Icicle Prison! All of the high priests suddenly realized that their legs were encased in ice. Then, one by one, the fake high priests all reverted to the original forms. Now. Who was that? No, I didn’t have time to worry about that now. I had to focus on defeating him. I had to take down the only real enemy. Blood Sacrifice!    The moment I thought of it, the necessary words appeared in my vision. I spoke them. Let this foolish criminal be punished as I see fit. The sacrificial shout to heaven! Let his fool’s scream piece the sky! May dragon jaws born from my flesh erase him from this world! Blood Sacrifice…. Ugh! Wh… Wha?! The second I finished summoning the skill, blood bubbled out of my mouth and pumped from my pores, my flesh ripped, and my bones screamed out in agony. Was it a suicidal skill?! The high priest saw me howl in pain and smiled. But a second later… a large, bear trap-like set of rusty claws appeared directly beneath the high priest’s feet.     No… I should call it a dragon’s jaw made from metal. Unlike a normal bear trap, this had rows upon rows of sharp metal prongs… It really looked like a dragon had opened its mouth from underground, and like a shark, it had many rows of teeth. Wh… A loud, metallic snap echoed over the field, and the jaws sprung shut on the high priest. UGAHHHH! His screams filled the air. There was a flash, a spray of red blood, and a dark shadow. What is this?! The jaws snapped shut, but all they did was heavily damage the high priest, who quickly summoned a skill to break the jaws. However, his attacks were not effective. The jaws snapped shut twice, three times, and the replica legendary weapon was covered in cracks. The jaws snapped again, and with them came the sound of metal clattering and breaking. Again and again, like they were smiling, the jaws snapped shut. It was… gruesome. Ugh… I… bl… God… Finally, the high priest was little more than a bloody clump. The jaw snapped shut a final time and sunk down into the earth—vanishing. … We all watched on in silence. All the skills that came from the Curse Series were gory things. It was a soul-eating Shield, after all. After watching that, I could agree with Fitoria’s warnings. I realized, and agreed, that it was not the sort of thing to use normally. The remaining disciples were whispering to each other in desperation. …And that’s the end of you all. The support troops charged into the crowd of disciples and began to restrain and then tie them up. So I guess we won. I was watching the support troops, but then I slumped forward and fell off of %char2%. The Shield of Wrath had unlocked a new skill, Blood Sacrifice. It was very powerful, but asked for so much… Master?!    %char2% was covered in my blood. She was holding me, and she looked worried. My shield had reverted back to the Chimera Viper Shield. You’re badly hurt! Someone! Someone help! A woman officer came running when %char2% shouted. Mother?! %char7% shouted when she saw the woman. That was right… The officer who’d been leading the support troops… She looked exactly like the queen’s doppelgänger. Her mouth was hidden with a folding fan, but I was pretty sure. Your performance was very impressive, Shield Hero. She must have been the one who’d shouted and stopped the high priest in his tracks. Everyone! Treating the Shield Hero’s wounds is our highest priority! That’s a royal order. Whatever happens, the Shield Hero must live! Yes! The medical team from the support troops ran over to where I lay and began to cast spells over me. Drifa Heal. I was surrounded by light, but my pain didn’t go away at all. This… This is a curse. But I’ve never seen one so powerful. The medics exchanged shocked glances. They began casting anti-curse magic. They sprinkled me with holy water. But nothing was working. We must investigate this further! Everyone please hurry! Yes, you too! The queen gave %char2% and the medics orders, and they all ran off. Uh… My entire body was screaming in pain. But I couldn’t lose consciousness… not here. Because I still didn’t know if the queen was a friend or an enemy. Y… You’re the queen? Yes, I am the Queen of Melromarc, %char8%. I apologize that it took us so long to get here. Yeah… that was really… slow. Slow, slow to do anything and everything. Did she have power, or not? Did she run the country, or not? Didn’t she have a grasp of everything that had happened? I had so much I wanted to say to her. I wanted to tell her just how terrible her daughter and husband were… I had so much resentment.    It’s true… All of this was my fault. Mother… Mama, why are you apologizing to the likes of him?! Bitch was pointing at me and screaming hysterically. Veins were standing out on her forehead. Malty… There are things we must discuss when we get back to the castle. I suggest you prepare yourself. The whole scene seemed to rumble and shake. No one was mad at me, but I still felt my nerves tense up and my blood run cold. The queen snapped her fingers, and two shadows appeared behind Bitch. They tied her up. But, Mama! Shut that fool up. Ha! They stuffed a gag in her mouth and led her off. What are you doing to %char3%?! %char6% was standing there, unable to believe his eyes. I am %char3%… Malty’s mother. I have simply exercised my authority to have her transported back to the castle. Now then, Heroes, the battle is over. Let us return to the castle in peace. The queen had a powerful aura that shut %char6% and the others up immediately. As for myself, I didn’t have the energy left to complain. It had been a hard battle. As for you, Shield Hero, or should I say Mr. %Name%? The treatment of your wounds is my highest priority, so please try to get some rest. I will make all the necessary preparations. Medics appeared with a variety of medicines, tools, and holy waters. It felt a lot like being in an ambulance back in my own world. But… But I… What are you doing here? Aren’t you supposed to be in the country to the southwest? I had so many questions. I understand. Why have I been away this whole time? Why didn’t I help you? If I was supposed to be in another country, why am I here, leading an army? There is so much for us to talk about, but for now please just focus on getting better. Mr. %Name%! %char1% looked very worried. She was crying as she walked up to my    side. I thought my heart had stopped! Please tell me you’re all right! Well… I… I really did feel like I was seriously injured. Everything pulsed with pain, and I was exhausted. %char2% seemed to understand that everything was going to be okay. She transformed into human form, and she and %char7% came over to the carriage they were loading me into. Your wounds are serious. Hurry, this way. %char2% was also hurt. Her limbs were all burned black with cursed flames. The medics called to her. No! I have to stay with Master! Maybe she was just too concerned with my wounds? I could only guess why, but she refused to go with them. %char2%, it will be okay. All these people are here to heal your %Name%. %char7% was very worried. She held %char2% and ran her fingers through her hair. But Master… You know that %Name%would want you to have your own wounds treated. He wouldn’t want to see you like this, would he? Perhaps wondering if that were true or not, %char2% cocked her head and looked at me. I swear. She was so selfish all the time, but now she was worried? It’s fine. Go get treatment. My words came out almost as a whisper. Then %char2% nodded, and she went over to receive treatment from medics. They began to chant spells that were supposed to be effective against curses. This curse is very powerful… The medics were whispering to each other. I guess it really was a powerful curse. The Curse Series suddenly seemed aptly named. The shield was powerful, so I’d been careful to only use it when I really needed to. Still though, this Blood Sacrifice was an entirely new matter altogether. It asked of so much from me, just as Fitoria had said. It invited my own destruction. Hurry with the ‘Sanctuary’ preparations! Was that the magic that had nullified my self curse burning? The people gathered around were not only from the Church of the Three Heroes…. but they seemed to be part of some other religion… but what? Maybe it was the Church of the Shield? That seemed like something I could get    behind… I was thinking it all over when my eyes began to feel very heavy. Mr. %Name%! %Name%! %char1% and %char7% shook me awake. Huh? What? You have to stay awake. What are you talking about? You’re acting like I’m dying or something. But I’m not. I’m fine. Though I couldn’t fault them for thinking that. I really could have died. I certainly wasn’t going to die in a place like that… but I was very tired. I wanted to sleep… even if only a little. But I couldn’t yet. I wasn’t safe yet. We weren’t in a safe place yet, but I couldn’t even move. And so… %char1%, if anything seems strange, you take %char7%, jump on %char2%, and run. All right. But if it comes to that, I’m taking you with us. Sorry. I don’t think I can make breakfast for you tomorrow. I need to… rest. As I spoke, I felt my vision fading. A moment later, and I was in a deep sleep. Mr. %Name%! You can’t sleep. You can’t! Mr. %Name%—       Two days passed. Ugh… I’m so tired. Snore… Snore… Munya… Master! I… ca… Fi….lo? When I finally got my eyes opened I realized that I was in a giant bed with %char1%, %char2%, and %char7%. What the hell?! Get off me! I threw them all off the bed and proceeded to berate them. The three of them stood there, strangely smiling. I’d been carried off in the medical cart and was being treated in a town near the castle. The Blood Sacrifice curse was very powerful, and they’d taken me to a specialized treatment facility—but not even they had been able to completely get rid of it. I asked what I could do to heal it, but apparently it was the sort of curse that couldn’t be removed with medicines or magic. I had to treat it like a wound, and it would slowly heal over time… or so they said. The actual wounds and burns had been healed. I had the majority of my strength back, but they said that I would probably continue to feel sluggish for a while. I checked my status magic, and all of my stats aside from defense had fallen by about thirty percent. Apparently the Blood Sacrifice curse would lower my stats until it was completely healed. It had been effective enough to warrant its use, but I had to admit that it came with a heavy price tag. How long will it take to heal? Our best guess is that it will take about a month. A month… That was a pretty long time. That would mean I’d be back on my feet just in time for the next wave. And how are you feeling? The whole world was in the middle of an absurd crisis, but the queen came to speak with me before my treatment. She seemed to be expressing concern for my well-being.    … I still didn’t know if I could trust her. Besides, she’d given the medics orders the whole time I’d been unconscious. The queen turned to a doctor, and they discussed my condition. Really? Then he’ll be able to accompany us? Where are you going? Back to the castle, of course. She covered her mouth with her folding fan, but a vein was popping out from her forehead. She had a strange, oppressive sense of authority about her. Mother is very angry… %char7% was shaking and hiding behind me. She did seem to be a little on edge, but I guess that’s what her anger looked like. I hope you’re not planning on executing me or something like that. I would never do something so foolish. But I would very much like you to be there when... my plans are enacted, Mr. Iwatani. What are you talking about? You’ll just have to wait until we arrive at the castle. And I have so many questions I’d like to ask you. We’ll have the opportunity to talk soon. The damn queen was making it impossible for me to refuse. Would she say anything to get me to the castle? Sure, I suppose I could refuse—but that wouldn’t help me. My highest priority was to prove my innocence, and I was going to need her to make that happen. %char7% had said so before. The queen was apparently furious with Trash and Bitch. She said that the queen had been ripping up their portraits, that she’d been setting them on fire. It made me wonder what she was thinking… Could it be? Regardless, I didn’t have a good reason to refuse her. Although, in time, I could imagine that the fact that she was Trash’s wife and Bitch’s mother might drive a wedge of sorts between us. Hm… %char7% was still standing behind me. Oh come on… I guess I have to take you with us? Mr. %Name%? %char1% sounded very worried. I don’t think I can refuse, so what choice do I have but to go? They’ve been taking care of me this whole time, so I doubt that we have anything to worry about.    Yes, indeed, I would like it if you would come as well. I could see what she was getting at. She was waiting to see how closely our interests aligned. I didn’t know what her plan was. But no matter—if she were going to hand me off to the enemy, then I would just have to use the Shield of Wrath again. We’re taking care of the bird god’s carriage too. Let’s return it along with its luggage. Really? %char2% jumped forward when the queen mentioned the carriage. Yes. It’s parked in front of the hospital. You can go see it yourselves. Okay! Yay! Mel, let’s go! Okay! %char2% and %char7% went running out of the room. That girl really liked carriages. After they left, I turned back to the queen. Something bothers me. I didn’t know what she wanted, but I got the impression that there was something else she wasn’t telling me, something behind her supposed good intentions. If there was a good reason for her to not only defy the Church but treat the shield demon nicely, then I wanted to know what it was. And I wouldn’t accept any pretentious explanations like, for the good of the world, either. In trying to figure out her true intentions, I began to look at her face carefully. When I did, her hand started shaking. The fan was swaying in her hand. What was happening? Aultcray… Malty… This isn’t the end… There was no doubt about it… She was furious. Suddenly, a shadow appeared. He was holding portraits of Trash and Bitch, and he quickly pasted them up on the wall. In a flash, the queen summoned magical icicles. She threw them at the portraits, pinning them to the wall before summoning flames to burn them to ash. That’s not enough… not enough. I want to see their faces twisted in fear. I wished she would find somewhere else to have a private freak out. She looked a little unstable. She must have really been harboring some intense emotions about them—her own husband and daughter. I knew how she felt. Yup, I’d believe her—for now. I’ll do what you say. Thank you, Mr. Iwatani. The queen smiled. As the corners of her mouth turned up, I could sense her    willpower. Well, well! If it isn’t Malty and %char7%! I’m so glad you were able to defeat the Shield and return to me safely. But why is Malty tied up? And is that a gag in her mouth? On our way to the castle, the queen ordered that Bitch and %char7% lead the line, and the rest of us would follow well behind. The other heroes were with us in the back. I didn’t like that I’d been ordered to be at the front of the heroes. The queen was insistent though, saying that I had done all the work and suffered the most. So I relented. By the way, after all this was over, the remaining disciples from the Church filled me in on some of the stuff that was going on. Word of the high priest’s death hadn’t yet reached the general population, and so the Church was still acting as though nothing had happened. Or at least that’s what it looked like. The truth was that members of the Church that had been complicit in the conspiracy had been arrested. Because she doesn’t know how to shut her mouth, that’s why. The queen’s footsteps echoed off the stone walls as she walked forward and approached the throne. Trash noticed that I was following her into the room also, and his face contorted in anger. What is HE doing here? Seize him! He must be put to death! I will not allow it! The knights ignored the king’s orders—probably because the queen technically had more power than Trash. They still seemed a little confused though. The knights around the queen were glaring at me. She’s… That’s not the real queen! Arrest her! You… you would mistake ME? I cannot tolerate this behavior any longer! I am the queen and the source of all power…. That spell… Can it be?! Hear the truth and heed it. Restrain him with a cage of ice! Drifa Icicle Prison! A cage of ice appeared around Trash. It seemed like Trash was shouting from inside it, but his voice didn’t make it out of the cage. I cannot believe how low you have sunk. The queen snapped her folding fan shut, and the cage vanished at the same time. Such powerful magic! Indeed, you are truly my wife! What has happened to you?!    Trash was looking at her up and down like he couldn’t believe his own eyes. …And with the Shield! Seriously, any time something happened he didn’t like, he blamed it on me. He needed to calm down. He was making it very clear why I never wanted to visit the castle again. You’re wrong. I swear. Do you really believe that the Shield Hero has the sort of powers you ascribed to him? She walked up to the throne and slapped him hard across the face. Trash was knocked speechless. He was shaking as he stared at me. None of this is Mr. Iwatani’s fault! Have you been listening to me?! Ugh! She slapped him again. Trash opened his mouth to speak, but before he was able to get a word out she slapped him again. I told you that you were to have authority over Melromarc while I was in other lands. I told you, time and time again, not to treat the Heroes poorly. But you ignored me! Are you TRYING to start a war? But I… I don’t want to hear your excuses! The very world is threatened by the waves. And now… during this time when we all must band together… you… you! The queen continued to berate him, and he never got a word in. Watching the scene unfold, I couldn’t ignore the distinct sense I got that she was doing all this so that the other heroes would understand that she was the one in charge. Now, with that out of the way, allow me to re-introduce myself. I am the ruling queen of this land, %char8%. Aultcray may seem to carry authority, but he does not—not any longer. Do not believe what he says. Um… Uh… Pleased to… meet you? Whoa… The other heroes all expressed their emotions in turn. They all had trouble finding the right words. Heroes, I would very much like a little of your time today. What’s happening? Let’s discuss it during the feast. Um… %char3%? %char6% seemed to be a little concerned for Bitch, since she was still    gagged and couldn’t speak. She has no reason to speak, so I’ve silenced her for now. Understand? Yes, but… Isn’t this a little much? No, it isn’t. But if you’d like to hear her protests then I suppose I have no choice… The queen snapped her fingers and the ropes restraining Bitch loosened. Bitch immediately moved to pull the gag from her mouth. Sniffle… She must have been embarrassed to be seen so powerless. Trash seemed to sympathize. He looked on with sad eyes. What’s this ‘sniffle’ supposed to mean? We’re not done talking! It’s not my fault! All of this is the Shield’s fault! Yeah! He’s right! Bitch chimed in. Mama! This wretched demon tried to rape me! And…? What do you mean? Mama… I’ve never… What are you saying?! It’s not like you were a virgin, were you? Did you think I didn’t know? I knew… What?! %char6% shouted like he couldn’t believe his own ears. No… Mother… My first was Mr. %char6%! How presumptuous of you. You really thought I didn’t know? Now, if you really did have relations with the Shield Hero then there might have been a way to save you… The queen glanced at me. ME? With Bitch? Don’t make me throw up! Well, that’s the end of you. I suppose I’ll just have to hold out hope for %char7%. It will be hard, but I’m sure there are plenty of reasons to remain hopeful. The queen was now making important pronouncements as if they were nothing. What are you saying? %char7% is just a little girl! Silence! I certainly never thought that I’d be on the same side of an argument with Trash, but why did I have to have a relationship with %char7%? Huh? What was that? Ren and %char5% were both looking at me with strange expressions on their faces.    I didn’t need this. I didn’t have a Lolita complex. I wasn’t so perverted that a little girl turned me on! Yeah! What are you saying?! What are you talking about? Nothing you need to worry about, %char2%! I’d have to let this one go. I’m sorry! But it’s only natural that %char7% should marry Mr. Iwatani. What?! Don’t you understand? There is no better way to defeat our old enemy. What’s that supposed to mean? What do you mean? Yeah… We’re getting curious too. Trash was clearly upset, and Ren and %char5% followed his questions with their own. Well… I understood though. The queen began to explain, and confirmed my suspicions. Siltvelt worshiped the Shield Hero. And Siltvelt was also Melromarc’s enemy. If the royal family of Melromarc adopted me into their lineage, that would make Melromarc into a holy nation from the perspective of Siltvelt. I wasn’t able to read much more into her plans, but at the very least the common people of Siltvelt would think more positively about Melromarc. It was a plan that would flatter the Shield Hero, and if they ended up giving birth, that would cement everything. Then they would just have to maintain a friendly relationship. If they pulled that off, they’d be true allies. Have you no shame? You would use your own daughter that way? %char5% stepped forward and shouted with rage. Use her? Very well… Are you saying that in your own world there are no politically arranged marriages? I’ve heard that they used to happen, but that doesn’t mean they aren’t problematic. There’s no problem. I see that %char7% and Mr. Iwatani are already on good terms. %char7%, do what you can to get along with Mr. Iwatani. N…No! %char7%’s face was bright red. She seemed to really hate the idea. Which was only fair. Who would want to be used for political purposes, especially at that age? And, of course, I didn’t feel like doing anything that would benefit    Melromarc. Is that so? The shadows led me to believe that there was still hope for you. Bummer. What’s that? Are you saying I’m not attractive?! Wa… What’s the problem? Are you saying I shouldn’t look at you as a child?! She was at that obnoxious age. Very well. If that’s all there is to it, then I suppose I cannot interfere. For some reason, %char5% was satisfied and stepped back into line. Bow Hero! Why are you giving up?! I see that she has a point, and that there is hope for you. What are you supposed to do? You’re going to be the queen. I don’t plan on laying my bones to rest in this shitty world. That won’t be necessary. As long as %char7% becomes pregnant with your child. I didn’t like where this was going. Basically, she meant that if I married into the Melromarc royal family and gave %char7% a child, then I would be free to go back to my own world. I guess it did make a little sense. I’d heard that the queen was an experienced diplomat—and she sure wasn’t pulling any punches. Where did these ideas come from? Was she reading too much manga? All of this is because my foolish husband and daughter destroyed our other opportunities. Everything was fine when you left to be in Iwatani’s party. You could have brought more people into the party and domesticated him—kept him for yourself. Had you done so, the throne would be as good as yours. Who would do that with someone as ugly as him? He tried to rape me! Ugh… there goes Bitch again. I couldn’t let that one slide… I’d have to help her understand her position… He’s not ugly! %char1%, %char2%, and for some reason %char7% all shouted out in unison. What’s that all about? Especially %char7%. What’s the problem? I’m just telling the truth. If you get upset about it, that proves that you agree! It does prove something. It proves that you no longer have even a drop of purity left in you. What proof are you talking about? Ask Mr. %char6%. I was a virgin! Malty, if you’re going to lie, you’d better be prepared to lie all the way until the end. You might be able to fool the Spear Hero, but you cannot fool me. I’ve known you for a long time, and you’ve always had the nasty habit of taking    joy in the misery of others. Furthermore… The queen was really shouting at Bitch now. It was clear to everyone that Bitch wasn’t listening anymore though. She’d tuned out and was just waiting for her mother’s speech to end. I wondered how many times she’d been lectured by her mother up until now. You heard that your sister had been swept up in the conspiracy, but instead of trying to protect her, you took advantage of the situation, going too far as to turn her over to the Church yourself! Huh? So Bitch had just taken advantage of the situation with the Church? I’d thought that she was working with them. Could it be that the two of them were just really stupid? You probably thought that you’d be the next person to sit on the throne. I… I did not! I thought back on all we had been through. How many times had she referred to herself as the future queen? We’d all heard it come from her lips, time and time again. If she hadn’t thought that she really was going to be the future queen, she wouldn’t have said things like that—would she? Besides, she had stuttered when the queen pointed it out. Yeah! %char3%’s not like that! %char6% shouted out in support, but the queen wasn’t listening. You’re lying! No, it’s true! If it’s true, then you’ll show us proof. The queen snapped her fingers, and knights clapped their hands down on Bitch’s shoulders. Some wizards appeared, carrying an item I was familiar with. It was the ink pot used in slave registration magic. What are you doing?! %char6% noticed that something was up, and he started to shout. Soldiers came to control %char6% and Bitch. The wizards turned to Bitch and began a ceremony. The queen produced a needle, pricked her own finger, and dropped a little of her blood into the ink pot. I… I knew what she was doing. N… No! Release me! I will release you once I’ve verified your innocence. I hope the Heroes understand. No, they wouldn’t. Or so I thought. %char5% and Ren were watching on in silence.    Even dumb Bitch had figured out what was going on. She tried to wrestle herself free from the soldiers, but they wouldn’t let her escape. I was more concerned with how %char6% would react. Perhaps seeing that there was no way out, he readied his spear. Stop that!! I wouldn’t let him interfere. Shield Prison! I turned my shield into the Shield of Wrath and, repressing my anger—or should I say controlling it, I shut him inside a Shield Prison. Ren and %char5% nearly stepped in to stop me, but noticing the crowd of soldiers in the room, they held back. N…No! Stay back! Who do you think I am?! The older princess. That is… if you can prove your innocence. The queen dropped a hand and gave an order. They poured ink from the pot onto Bitch’s chest. The slave seal appeared there, burning into her. NOOOOOOOOOOO! Bitch screamed like that for a minute or so, but once she calmed down the seal disappeared as if nothing had happened. It was different than what %char1% had gone through. %char1%’s seal remained like a tattoo, but Bitch’s disappeared completely. This is a powerful slave seal. It is normally invisible, but when certain conditions are met, it will return, punishing the subject. In that regard, it was more like %char2%’s control magic. The condition is that you must not attack Mr. Iwatani. Do not raise your hand against him! Bitch glared at the queen. There were tears in her eyes. Now then, Malty. Here is the question: were you raped by Mr. Iwatani? It was a good plan to wring a confession out of her. I’d done the same thing to %char1% once. Because she couldn’t lie if the slave seal was on her. If she tried to lie, the seal would activate and punish her. Of course it would only work if the queen and the seal were real. Yes! Bitch arched her eyebrows and nodded. At nearly the same time, the slave seal came burning back into view and exerted a powerful pressure on her chest. OUCH! It hurts! Bitch couldn’t handle the pain, and she fell to the floor.    M…%char3%! %char6% ran to her and helped her sit up, but the effects of the slave seal didn’t go away. The effects won’t go away until you tell the truth. Fine… Fine! The Shield Hero didn’t rape me. It was all a lie! The second Bitch admitted her lie, the seal vanished. See? Everyone have a look. It was a lie. How can you say that when YOU forced her to say it!? %char6% was furious with the queen. I could see where he was coming from. From his perspective, she was most definitely an enemy. I don’t know what kind of magic that was, but you forced her to lie! If you think so, Spear Hero, then why not temporarily register Malty as your slave as well? If you do, then you’ll quickly understand how the slave seal works. Yeah! Fine! I’ll prove her innocence! Just as the queen had done, %char6% let a drop of his blood fall into the ink pot. They spilled the ink over Bitch again, and she was registered as his slave. Now you can see for yourself how the slave magic works. Look at your status screens to see. %char6%’s eyes moved as though he were reading something. Then he nodded and turned to Bitch. %char3%… You were almost raped by %Name%, weren’t you? Ye… Ouch! OW! She was about to lie again when the slave seal activated. She fell to the floor again. B…But… All the color left %char6%’s face. There’s more though, isn’t there? You stole all of Mr. Iwatani’s possessions, didn’t you? I did NOT! OW! OOOOWWWW! The woman really couldn’t lie… A little speechless, I stood there and watched Bitch roll around on the ground in pain. And you were the one who set fire to the forest while you were chasing Mr. Iwatani, weren’t you?! She knew. Of course she knew. If she knew what kind of person Bitch was, it was an easy assumption to make. I didn’t, I… AAAAHHHHH! Her screams were growing panicked. If she didn’t start telling the truth,    she’d die. She must have known that, and yet she went on lying… What a woman. YOU set those fires?! %char6% was shaking. It can’t be true! %char3% would never do something like that! Mr. Kitamura, you must understand this. This girl has always been a liar. She always hid in the shadows and tried to get others in trouble. She’s been this way from childhood. No, she isn’t like that! It’s HIM. It’s HIS fault. %char6% was thrusting his finger at me. He didn’t understand the difference between belief and blind faith. Eventually that would knock him off of his feet. All of this is because of my daughter Malty. She pulled the strings and tricked my husband, Aultcray, into persecuting Mr. Iwatani. %char6% was still furiously jabbing his finger at me, but Ren and %char5% were nodding. They seemed to understand. You know… Is there no other proof? There is plenty of proof. If you want to know something, just ask. Are you so confident? It is true that some of %char3%’s behavior during the last incident cause me to wonder. We were supposed to protect %char7%, but she attacked her. What was her intention there? %char7% is the first in line to inherit the throne of Melromarc. Therefore, if %char7% were to disappear, Malty would become first in line. Now I understand. Ren was nodding too. He’d been paying attention for a while now. Even %char5%, who liked to pretend he was a shining knight of justice, was nodding. Should we support %Name%? Yes. Even back when %char6% was dueling him, %Name%had been hit from behind by magic. What was that? It’s very strange to think back on it, even now. Yeah, and the next day when we were supposed to receive our funds for the next month, she had his funding taken away. It’s very hard to not harbor doubts in a situation like that. It had taken a long time, but her true colors were finally plain for everyone to see. It felt like the winds of fate were finally blowing in my direction. I could assume that I’d proved my innocence now.    Aultcray is next. The queen cast her gaze at Trash, and he seemed to flinch on the throne. What were you doing? You made no attempt to discover the truth. We were supposed to be taking special care of the Shield Hero, but you threw him out into the world naked. I don’t even know what to say. In the past, no matter what my private feelings about you may have been I’d been able to keep you domesticated, but… It’s all the Shield’s fault! Malty was not raped. Her lies have been shown for what they are. What do you have to say about it? Urg… It’s the Shield! He’s to blame! Was that all he could say? Just how much did he think he could pin on me?! Trash… He was just adding fuel to the fire at that point. I swear… You would have been smarter about this in the past. You used to be smarter than this! The queen held a palm to her forehead—clearly she couldn’t handle much more of it all. It seems like you are not going to be able to defend yourself. Like a breeze had blown through, both Bitch and Trash turned their eyes to the floor. Still, I didn’t get the feeling that they were going to apologize to me. That didn’t seem possible. They were so irritating. Why did the queen force me to stand there before them? Ideally, I wanted to spend as little of my time with them as I could. It’s not like I could expect them to revaluate their behavior in any sort of meaningful way. I wondered why she didn’t make Trash into a slave. Was there some kind of reason behind it? Well… I guess he wasn’t lying the way that Bitch was. I thought, for a long time, of ways to get around having to say this—but I now believe there is no other way. The queen was absentmindedly opening and closing her fan as she spoke, but now she authoritatively clapped it shut and pointed it at them. I officially disown you both. From this time until eternity, neither of you will be considered part of the royal family. What?! Mama?! Bitch and Trash both shouted in shock and protest. They weren’t able to    accept the severity of their transgressions. It wasn’t so bad. I was starting to enjoy it! I hoped she’d come up with more things to show me. Mr. %Name%, what are you smiling about? Come on… You know. I know where you are coming from, but… Mother… She’s serious. Huh? %char2% turned her head to the side. She didn’t seem to understand what was happening. She could be pretty stupid when she wanted to be. All she understood was food, carriages, and %char7%. Wait. Why was I thinking about %char2%? There was so much other exciting stuff going on! Why?! Both of you have behaved in unforgivable ways. Had you been truly repentant, I could have found some way to petition Mr. Iwatani for forgiveness. And yet… You think I’d forgive them? I thought of various ways to earn your trust after these two admitted their crimes and apologized… Trust… apologies, ha! I’d rather just watch to see how this all played out. What will happen to Melromarc if you remove me from the royal lineage?! Nothing bad. To be honest, you’re garbage—the scum of this country. Wah… How can you speak to your own child that way?! %char6% was screaming in anger. Don’t you understand? You reap what you sow. And it is now more than clear that %char7% is the only one here capable of running the county. Malty, you’ve lost. She was right—the country would be in much better hands with %char7%. She could be a little hysterical, but she’d grown up a lot with all we’d been through. Besides, she only really ran her mouth off at me. If you remove me from the throne, there are many people and organizations that will be upset. I’ve already silenced them. Did you think I was just sitting back and watching in silence for these last three months? If so, you’re mistaken.    Bu… Trash was so shocked he couldn’t speak. He just kept flapping his lips without saying anything. Besides, why did you summon the Heroes on your own! We needed to discuss this. What do you mean? Certainly the Heroes found it odd that they would be summoned to this world without the approval or appearance of this nation’s highest authority? Naturally. Like she said, she really didn’t seem like the kind of person that would leave such important matters up to her subordinates. Besides, if they had summoned us and been a bit more diplomatic, if they had really made the effort to win us over to their side, then they could have put us to better use. I didn’t want to admit it, but that went double for myself—considering how little I’d known about the world when they summoned me. They could have gotten me to fall in love and arranged any political marriage that was convenient. Before we take this any further, we need to get one thing very clear. Our country was supposed to be the fourth country to summon the Heroes. This was decided at an international diplomatic meeting. Wait just a second! Now she was blurting out some serious stuff. Different countries could summon the heroes? There was an agreed-upon order? What was Melromarc up to? Explain. All right. The queen began to explain things. The waves had come, and many different countries had suffered heavy losses. To discuss their options, the kings and queens of various nations all agreed to a meeting. Certainly, there were different interests expressed, and some of the countries were natural enemies (like Melromarc and Siltvelt), but no one could avoid the truth: the world was sliding closer to complete destruction. If any of the countries had squabbles, they agreed to put them aside until the relative safety of the world was secured. At that meeting, it was agreed that Melromarc would be the fourth nation to summon the heroes.    It also sounded like the typical procedure was to summon one hero at a time. Most of the time when they attempted to summon heroes, no one showed up. Also, and this was supposed to go without saying, the heroes were expected to travel around to all the different countries. So why did this country summon them? The Heroes are normally summoned using pieces of ancient holy relics. The ceremony can only be performed at a specified time, but… It meant that they had summoned all the heroes while the queen was out of the country. The Church of the Three Heroes had been around for a long time, and its roots run deep in these lands. As far as I know, they are a very conservative organization. Still, it appears they had unexpected ambitious plans. That sounds like a big problem to me. The heroes were supposed to save the whole world, but we’d all been summoned to the same spot. Yes, that is why we have been so heavily criticized. Why would you leave the country in the hands of a war hawk like this? That was a big problem. She gave him way too much authority. Ren and %char5% seemed to agree. They nodded. Their party members looked like they had something to say though. I’d heard a little about it from %char7%. She had said that some really nice members of the nobility, the ones who had been in charge of %char1%’s village, had been killed in the wave. What are you saying?! Shut up! The queen shouted for silence. %char3%’s father isn’t that bad! %char6% still had wisdom to contribute, apparently. %char6%, you only feel that way because of the special treatment you received. This all makes sense to us. Yeah. I felt like things were unfair this whole time. That’s the precise problem. The first wave came while I was away on diplomacy. I had appointed someone I trust, my right hand, to take care of the kingdom in my absences… but… …But? They died in the wave… And they had spent so much time earning the trust of the demi-humans… May I ask a question?    What is it, Mr. Amaki? Why did this human-supremacist country harbor nobility that wanted to work with the demi-humans? The queen opened her fan and hid her mouth when she answered Ren’s question. We wanted to avoid war with Siltvelt, and so it was part of our strategy to fix our relations with demi-humans. Siltvelt was aware of this, and they were doing the same thing for humans in their country. I was starting to understand. The nobility had been kind to the demihumans as a sign of good faith to avoid war with Siltvelt. It’s odd how open you are being about this. %char5% said this to the queen, expressing his suspicions. After we forcibly summoned your here, take it as a sign of my sincerity that I, the highest authority in these lands, would speak honestly with you like this. If I don’t go out of my way to earn your trust, how could I ask for your cooperation? Ren and %char5% looked at each other then nodded. However… Aultcray has already shown a great deal of preferential treatment for the Spear Hero. The Bow and Sword Heroes have also demonstrated their loyalty. But, from this point on, if it seems like I am showing the Shield Hero preferential treatment, please understand that I am simply trying to balance and correct the past misdeeds here. All right. You’re right. If %Name%really was innocent of everything, then the scales must be balanced. I understand. Back to the topic at hand… It seems that Aultcray’s incompetence has led to the destruction of our demi-human protected district. The queen reared back and stomped on Trash’s foot with all her might. Owwww. And I found this out at the exact same time that I discovered your secretive summoning ceremony! The queen slapped Trash time and time again. Ugh… This is what I get for allowing a fool like this to rule in my stead! A neverending series of ridiculous events in my absence! Even if the true enemy WAS the Church… Ugh! And the very next day after the Heroes begin their quest, you call in the Shield and deem him a criminal!    UGH! Then you continue to discriminate against him! Do you have any idea how close you brought us to war?! UGH! And then, immediately following the second wave, you tried to steal his slave from him? What were you thinking?! She was really worked up… Because of your foolish behavior, Siltvelt and Shieldfreeden are infuriated. They could attack at any time! I was starting to sympathize with the queen’s position. Everyone she’d entrusted the kingdom to had died or disappeared, and she had to keep the world from war all by herself. I was impressed. She must have been a very skilled diplomat. Even if she just looked like a hysterical woman in her twenties exploding at her husband. And she was %char7% and Bitch’s mother? She certainly looked young for her age. Then, on top of everything, you write to say that you want to see %char7%? How selfish can you be?! Ugh! And the people that would use you and your red face to accomplish their own goals… They were right there before you, and you didn’t notice? All of this is your fault! She was fuming with anger. She went on. I hereby declare the Church of the Three Heroes heretical! Melromarc will follow the Church of the Four Holy Warriors from now on! W…What?! You would abandon the very traditions that gave rise to our kingdom?! There is no reason to maintain a tradition that causes nothing but trouble! The Church of the Four Holy Warriors? What’s that? A religion that worships the four Holy Heroes equally. %char7% explained. I guess that was only natural. If there were four people that saved the world, you’d expect a religion to crop up about them sooner or later. The Church of the Three Heroes originally branched off from the Church of the Four Holy Warriors. But to explain why, we’d have to go all the way back to the founding of Melromarc. Huh…    If Siltvelt worshiped the Shield Hero, then it was only logical to assume that other countries worshiped the heroes in different ways. It was easy enough to imagine the reason. If Melromarc and Siltvelt were not on good terms, and Siltvelt worshiped the Shield Hero… It was only natural that they’d come up with a way to say that the other country’s religion was false, that their god was a demon, etc. That would explain the start of the Church of the Three Heroes. Sigh… The queen finished scolding Trash. Refreshed from slapping him so many times, she opened her fan, hid her mouth, and turned to me. Too bad I hadn’t gotten the chance to slap Trash. There is much more to discuss, Mr. Iwatani. But it will have to wait until later. I’d rather not hear about all that. %char3% and the king are not bad people! This is all a misunderstanding! %char6% had been standing in silence for a little while, but he finally stepped forward and stated screaming again. What did he want? But everything makes sense, doesn’t it? We were nearly killed, and the facts behind all these events have come to light and been proven. Yeah. We looked into all sorts of things. I got suspicious. It really does seem like %Name%has been discriminated against. It’s actually very impressive that he was able to earn the trust of anyone at all. None of that was due to anything like a Brain Washing Shield. It is all because of %Name%and his friends. They earned people’s trust. %char5% and Ren both spoke up on my behalf. When I accidentally unleashed an epidemic on that village in the mountains, it was %Name%that cleaned it up. That is plenty of reason to trust him. Yes, and if you saw the weapon that the high priest was using against us, it’s clear enough who was behind all of this. Ugh…. %char6%’s fingers were curled into a shaking fist. He was still glaring at me. Mr. Kitamura, if you wish to protest further, you will have to do so after you are able to provide some proof of your assertions. Fine. I’ll be right back with proof. %char3%! Let’s go. Unfortunately, I haven’t finished speaking with Malty. You will have to wait until we are finished here.    When the queen finished speaking, a large number of castle knights appeared behind the throne and began walking towards him. Bu…But! But %char3%! Spear Hero, please step outside. They were very polite as they motioned for him to leave the throne room. I hoped he wasn't so stupid as to cause a ruckus in the throne room. Stop changing the subject. I’m very sorry. It’s really %char6%’s fault, so I wouldn’t worry about it. %char5% seemed to have some suspicions that %char6% was receiving preferential treatment. I didn’t see a reason to correct him. Anyway… There are still many punishments I need to heap upon my husband and daughter. Bitch and Trash were both pale. It was time to pay the piper. Are you disappointed? Of course! Yes! Mama! I’m not bad! I believe I already disowned you, so please stop calling me mother. As for what to do with you… Ah, yes, perhaps I’ll have you pay off some of the country’s debts. Here you are. The queen paused for a beat. She handed Bitch of sheet of paper with a number written on it. Bitch’s face went even paler. Bitch was true to her nature. Apparently she’d been loose with the country’s purse strings too. I can’t say I’m surprised though. How am I supposed to pay this?! That is the amount of money you asked the guild for. You cannot just take what you want from the treasury and not be expected to return it. I also took the liberty of adding the funds that were necessary to put out the forest fires you started. Just as that paper says, you will now work like a slave to pay off your debts to the Crown. But that’s impossible! If you don’t like it, then work with the Heroes to save the world. If you actually contribute, then I’ll think about it. Bitch finally shut up, so the queen turned to Trash. And look at you, feeling so safe that your daughter is the only one in trouble! All this goes for you too, Aultcray. Trash was so shocked he stumbled forward. The damn fool couldn’t even raise his head to the queen.    Couldn’t he behave a little more kingly? You will either fight for the future of our country on the frontlines against the waves, or abandon your responsibilities and become a normal adventurer. Make your choice. Ugh… My wife… My QUEEN. I was deceived. That is all. Please have mercy. And who deceived him? The Church? Or me? Was he about to throw Bitch under the bus? Yes, Mama, forgive me… I’m all out of mercy and forgiveness… Ah, I have an idea. The queen beckoned for me. I quickly stepped forward. Mr. Iwatani. How should we punish these two? I give you the right to decide. Death! Put them to death!       I said it without even stopping to think. My subconscious must have hated them as much as I did—seemed natural enough. Honestly though, there wasn’t really another option besides death. What else could finally rid me of my hate for them? Death, hmm? Well, considering all the trouble they’ve caused, it does seem appropriate. Yeah, and they really mucked things up for Melromarc on the international scene. Ren and %char5% were coldly calculating. It was easy to be calculating about other people’s business. As long as they didn’t have to be held responsible for what they said, they could say whatever they wanted. But you! You… You better be joking! The queen raised a hand, and they shut up. If we have them executed, will you truly be satisfied? I had the strange feeling that the queen’s magic was flowing towards me. This is what people mean when they say that shivers go up and down their spine. Ominous… The word came to me and described the feeling perfectly. Of course they may be killed. However, there are other options as well. We could torture them, let them think they will be freed, and once their freedom seems secured, and a smile crosses their faces, THEN we kill them. You’re… actually—go on. I’m saying that simply executing them is boring. We could also give them simple jobs, and when they learn to make themselves useful, we could keep them around like pets… domesticating them to death. I’d enjoy that. To think that she could consider the disposal of her own family members without emotion… The queen might be the darkest person in the whole country. Do you think that she’s really been behind all of this? She looks capable of it. You’re right. That was seriously cold. The stupid heroes kept changing the subject! Anyway, these are simply suggestions. I’ll say no more about the matter. Those were my final emotions. Oh, I think I follow you.    She was saying that I could do whatever I wanted, but that she didn’t want them killed. She’d punish them in some other way. After all the evil actions of the Church, it would cause quite a stir if the queen were to exercise her authority to kill off members of her own royal lineage. I believe it would have an effect on our standing in the international community. On the other hand, after all the trouble these worthless cretins caused, maybe crucifying them would send a message to the community that we are serious. Shield… You bastard! Trash was screaming, but the queen ignored him and spoke. Normally I would agree with you. But I don’t think that is applicable in Aultcray’s case. Why not? This fool used to be quite impressive. In the past his deeds won acclaim all over the world. He was, and may still be, respected by others. If we were to kill him… I don’t know what Trash had done to distinguish himself—but whatever. I understood what she was saying. He was too famous. Besides, he’d been exercising royal authority this whole time. He was too well known. Apparently he’d been a respected warrior in the past and had proved himself in many battles. The people that had worked with him and fought with him wouldn’t stay quiet if they discovered he’d been executed. It might be interesting to see how it all developed. If Trash used to be a hero, then he dirtied his hands and still had to go on living without the respect that he used to bathe in, it might be interesting to watch it all unfold from above. Understood. We’ll go with your idea then. Thank you. —On one condition. They can live, but they have to suffer. Naturally… Now then, what should their first punishment be? Yeah… I could do anything except kill them… We could start by ripping off their hands and feet… Mr. %Name%… %char1% was looking at me like she wanted to say something. She was probably thinking that, while I had the authority to order such a thing, and while they deserved it, I should probably hold back a little. What to do…    Besides, if I let them off the hook now, how could I be sure I’d get another chance? …Mr. %Name%. Bitch wiped away her tears and pleaded with me. The way she’d pronounced my name was different than %char1% or %char7%’s intonation. What was she trying to say? Her eyes were filled with tears. They were sparkling. Her cheeks flushed red. It really did look like the depth of her sins was beginning to sink in. She was a real actress when she needed to be. If I didn’t already know who she was, I’d have been fooled. She probably used this routine on %char6%. I suddenly realized that was the first time she’d ever called me by name. Please don’t do anything as foolish as to look for revenge. Revenge only breeds further revenge. If you, Mr. %Name%, could bear to show mercy, then I’m sure the queen would be grateful… Whoa… Ren was looking at Bitch like he couldn’t believe his ears. %char5% was shocked too. He scratched his head in confusion. %char7% held her head in her hands and stared at the floor. %char1% rolled her eyes in disbelief. %char2% was… %char2% cocked her head to the side in bewilderment. As for myself… …hm. Well… Later that day, soldiers mounted their horses, %char2%lials, and dragons. They rode whatever they had and were dispatched to all the villages and towns in the kingdom to deliver a message. To take responsibility for all the terrible things that have happened in Melromarc, from now until infinity, King Aultcray and Princess Malty shall be known by the names ‘Trash’ and ‘Bitch.’ Anyone who calls them by their previous names, for whatever reason, will be swiftly punished! They printed this on signs and fliers and bulletins and had them distributed and posted in all the cities, towns, and villages of Melromarc. The citizens, irrespective of their place in society, all stood before the announcements and said the same thing: What? What kind of idiot could put up with such a thing? You idiot! What are you doing? You demon! Bitch’s face was all twisted up in rage. From now on, when people spoke of these two they’d say things like, So    Bitch was…, or How about Trash…? It felt great. I never thought I’d get to see this. You earned it… I think so too. It’s true that the punishment is terrible, but it also seems just. Ren and %char5% couldn't keep themselves from commenting. You bastard!     Trash’s red race grew even redder, and he shouted in anger. Ahahaha! Now THAT’s the face I wanted to see this whole time! Finally, the whole world would call him by my private nickname for him: Trash. ’Revenge only breeds more revenge… bear it?’ Such beautiful worlds—I suggest you take your own advice, Princess Ma…. I mean, Bitch. Shut up! I’ll never forgive you! She looked like she was ready to come swinging punches at me, but the queen’s guards wouldn’t let that happen. Don’t forget that Bitch also had a fake name for adventuring. What shall we do about that name? Whore. Whore…? Ren and %char5% said nothing. They seemed to be a little offended. Guess I couldn’t blame them. Very well, I will register the new name as her adventurer’s title. She’ll no longer be able to use the name ‘%char3%’ to register for quests or stay at inns. I’ll kill you! If you turn your back, I’ll kill you! She was furious—seething. But I felt so good. Her little outburst couldn’t bother me. You’re welcome to try. If you attack me, you’ll be put to death. Yes, she has lost all of her rights. If she acts out, the slave seal will kill her. I saw what she was saying. It would cause issues if the queen were to execute a member of the royal family. That is why she disowned Bitch first and changed her name. Then she would be free to kill her without worrying about the backlash. It was smart, efficient. I liked it. Not only that, but it came with a rule that Bitch wasn’t allowed to attack me. She must have wanted Bitch to know how it felt to be me—unable to attack. Now, now... don’t you think you’ve taken this too far? %char5% spoke up. I didn’t care. Nope! It feels great! Now then, to fully earn Mr. Iwatani’s cooperation, we’ll have to fulfill his old request, won’t we? What do you mean? Before all this happened you told Trash to crawl down before you on his hands and knees, did you not? The queen clapped her hands, and shadows and knights appeared behind    Trash. They seized him by the shoulders and forced him and Bitch to their knees. Hey now, wait just a second! Just who do you think I am?! Yes, I am the ki…. An adventurer and a soldier, am I right? The queen spoke down to them where they kneeled on the floor. She made them understand their new positions. Now bow to us. Of course, you too, Bitch. If you disobey, the slave seal will hurt you. But… My Queen! I… No… I won’t bow! I wonnnnnnn’t! You must be joking. Why would I bow to him? I….AHHHHHHH! OUCH! The knight grabbed the back of their heads and forced them down until their foreheads scraped the ground. Bitch was furious. Even though the slave seal was burning into her, she still resisted. They kneeled with their heads on the floor, surrounded by shadows, and continued to scream. Please… AAARRRRHRHHH! AAAAAHHHHH! Trash and Bitch were screaming to keep anyone else from talking. Shut up! The queen snapped, and Trash and Bitch were immediately gagged. MMMMGHHMMMM! MMMMUUUUUHHHH! They used all their remaining strength to resist, but they weren’t able to put up much of a fight. ‘Please! Shield Hero! Please help us!’ Just like that. ‘Shield Hero! Please fight for our country!’ There were some excellent impressions of those two happening. How’s this? What do you mean you were…? It felt so good to see the two of them forced to bow to me. It felt great, but… I mean it REALLY felt good, but it wasn’t exactly what I wanted. They don’t seem repentant, do they? I guess there’s no choice… Are you sure this isn’t taking it too far? Ren and %char5% were whispering to each other. I didn’t see a reason to stop it. Everyone needed to see who the real bad    guys were here. They needed to understand. Bitch and Trash were screaming and protesting so violently. It almost looked like they were going to have heart attacks and die right there. Eventually they calmed down and shut up. Their gags were removed. Bitch looked like… she looked like she’d been raped. Her eyes were just staring off absentmindedly, and thin streams of tears fell down her cheeks. Did she hate me that much? Did she hate to kneel so much? Ren walked over to Trash and waved his hand before his face. Trash didn’t react because he wasn’t able to see. Having confirmed this, Ren returned to where he had been standing. Bitch was still whining. Perhaps this is enough torture for these two. The queen raised a hand and shouted an order. Remove them from the throne room! Yes! The two of them were taken out of the room. After they were gone, I turned to see %char1% looking at me disappointedly. %char7% seemed upset too. %char2% was smiling and having a good time. But it seemed like they had revised their opinions on me. They didn’t say anything, but they looked like they thought I’d taken it all too far. And that will end their punishment for the time being. Mr. Amaki, Mr. Kawasumi, and their parties will find rooms prepared for them in the castle. Please rest. I still have some matters I would like to discuss with Mr. Iwatani, so I request that he remains behind. Ah… ah. I would rather not put my faith in people that behave that way but… Wait. Compared to the state they put this country in, this punishment is too mild. It might seem like a lot, but that is only because you were standing here to witness it. That might be true. Ren and %char5% were discussing the day’s events as they left the room with their parties. Now that we have punished them in this way, I would like to ask for your cooperation, Mr. Iwatani. Well… I couldn’t think of a good reason to refuse her. Still, was it wise to trust someone that would treat her own family this way? They DID deserve it, though. It was all their fault. You reap what you sow. What shall we discuss first? I’ve got an idea. Let’s talk about the Heroes    from legend, shall we? The queen began speaking. I’m actually quite fond of the legend of the four Holy Heroes. It’s a little different than my own country’s legends, though… How so? Mr. Iwatani, I believe you’ve discussed these things with %char7%. May I assume you have a basic understanding? I nodded. Well then, as you already know, the Shield Hero does not appear in this country’s legends. He was permanently deleted from the stories, and people speak of him as though he were a demon. …Uh huh. The book I’d been reading before I was summoned to this world, The Records of the Four Holy Weapons, had no information in it about the Shield Hero. It had been completely blank. I’d figured that the pages were blank because I had been summoned to fill them in… but could it be that the book had simply been a recording of Melromarc’s version of the legend? Something didn’t seem right. I didn’t think that my guess was accurate, but I guess I’d have to just go with it for the time being. The Shield Hero worked with both the humans and the demi-humans. Because of that, there were many times when the other Heroes considered him an enemy. In the end, however, they were able to reconcile. Now things were making sense. If that was part of the legend, then it would explain why demi-humans had been so willing to trust me. As you know, Melromarc is a human-supremacist nation. We did prepare a special district where the demi-humans could live in peace, but they had very difficult lives. Uh huh… I’d been in this world for more than three months now. I knew that the demi-humans were basically slaves in Melromarc. Because of these things, our relationship with Siltvelt is very bad. Our nations have fought many wars. The situation was the opposite in Siltvelt, where humans were considered a slave class. Melromarc and Siltvelt were like water and oil. It only made sense for them to be at each other’s throats. Now, as you may be aware, Siltvelt’s religion also branched off from the Church of the Four Heroes, but instead of worshiping three Heroes, they worship the Shield Hero exclusively.    I had guessed as much. Seems I was right. Yes… Now as for how the Church of the Three Heroes came to be… I imagine that you’ve already figured that out, haven’t you, Mr. Iwatani? The original church of the four heroes had branched in two different directions in Melromarc and Siltvelt. In Melromarc it had become the Church of the Three Heroes, while in Siltvelt it became the Church of the Shield. The queen said that the countries had been at war for a long time, which would mean that… I was summoned right into the center of enemy lands? I was the saint of their enemy. Who could be expected to treat the saint of their enemy with respect? Humans were not so pure. The old books of the Church of the Three Heroes were, no doubt, filled with lists of the evil actions performed by the Shield Hero. Similar things happened in my own world. The god of an enemy religion came to be seen as a demon. It all fit. Could it be that Trash was prejudiced against me because of the wars he’d fought in Siltvelt? The investigations have concluded that all of this trouble was the result of actions taken by the Church, but those actions have also undone much of my hard work. You have my sympathy. Thank you. Yes… %char7%, you understand all this, don’t you? Y… yes! The major problem remains. When the four Heroes are summoned, there is an important ceremony that is performed that is commensurate to the gravity of the situation. But all four heroes were summoned. Yes… that is why this problem is so significant. If it is such a big problem, why don’t the other countries attack Melromarc? Because of my negotiations… though I cannot take all the credit. Much of it is because of your actions, and because of the other Heroes. Mother worked so hard. She ran a fever. That’s how hard she was working! %char7%. W… what? Don’t be so stiff. Relax a little. You’re freaking me out.    What was that?! Ah… it seems that %char7% has finally begun to act appropriately for her age. As her mother, I’m very happy. I certainly won’t compare her to her sister, but %char7% has cared about the public eye since she was very young. It made it difficult for her to be herself. Mother, that’s not it! Until you grow up and find yourself, perhaps you should stick with Mr. Iwatani. Mother! %char7% was very angry. She’d really stopped the conversation in its tracks though. Why didn’t the Church kill me earlier? I believe they wanted the other three Heroes to do it for them. So they were waiting for the other three Heroes to be strong enough? I cannot think of a better way to put this, but… the other Heroes sometimes don’t seem to think of the future very much. The Church undoubtedly thought they would be easy to control. Ah… yeah, I can see that. The whole lot of them still couldn’t get out of the gaming mindset. It was plain as day they’d been deceived, but they didn’t adjust to the situation. They never doubted what was right before their eyes. Of course, there was a lot for us to do as well, especially regarding you, Mr. Iwatani. Many, many people from the international community begged to meet you. That’s… I remembered that %char7% had said something like that. When I was out on my luck, naked and beaten and alone, people had approached me, and I told them to stay away. The queen realized that I knew what she meant and nodded. Because of which, I was able to see through quite a lot of deception. What do you mean? I told the council that the Heroes were busy expunging a disease from our country. To keep the world from war in times like these… she must have worked very hard. Back in my own world, when I had managed a guild for an online game I played, there had been times when other guild members would throw fits. It took all I had to put out the fires they’d started. Normally I would have just fired them, but I wasn’t able to according to the rules. The queen must have felt the same way.    When Mr. Iwatani went around the country cleaning up the messes left by other Heroes, that was the final straw. The other heroes had caused problems, and I had fixed them. That caused the populace to doubt their faith in the Church. The other heroes didn’t know why only I was being discriminated against? Kitamura was working with Bitch, and Mr. Amaki and Mr. Kawasumi received all of their information from the guild. People tend to believe in the authority of the people around them. They accept what they are told. So they would just believe what authority figures told them… I suppose if you didn’t have access to any other information, then that was a natural thing to do. If they’d known that they were being lied to, they would have supported me. They just didn’t know. That’s why they looked so thoughtless. Yeah, Ren and %char5% seemed to have figured it out, eventually. When I had finally calmed everyone down and was ready to come back to Melromarc, all of this happened. I never would have imagined that the Church had a replica of the four Holy Weapons. How could she have known? Who would have expected the Church to have something like that? The high priest was a foolish man… When you attacked, he could have turned the weapon into the Shield and survived… So that thing could turn into a shield too? That’s correct, though you cannot expect more than one-quarter the power of the real thing. So that was only a quarter of its true power? If we leveled up, we’d be four times as powerful as the high priest had been? That was hard to believe. It was just a legend after all. I’m sure that with time a little embellishment had… Wait, thinking back on Fitoria’s power made it seem more likely. Honestly—we were all probably a little too weak to begin with. If we didn’t find some way to level up soon, we’d never survive the coming waves. Trash’s actions have threatened to end a long period of peace. He was a skilled man, but it seems all he knows how to do is aggravate conflict. He must have really wanted to keep me out of Siltvelt. That’s why he had increased the border security so much. Finally… Yes, I wish to do whatever I can to support you going forward.    Knowing that, would you still like to go to Siltvelt, tell them the truth, and start a war? Hmm… That meant that, if she wanted to avoid war, the queen would have to do whatever she could to protect me. But to be honest, I really just wanted to say goodbye and leave. But I’d promised Fitoria… And the Curse Series had been so powerful that I couldn’t ignore the things Fitoria had said. Also, whether it be Siltvelt or Shieldfreeden, shall I tell you what would happen if you were to go pay them a visit? Hm? First the princess and noble daughters would all demand audiences with you. The demi-human women would form a harem around you. Ew! They’d come after me, wanting to have the Shield Hero’s child? After what Bitch had done, the thought of women repulsed me. The last thing I needed in my life was more unsavory women. Certainly, they will give you whatever you wish. If you told them to attack Melromarc, they would rally behind you and march to their deaths. That didn’t sound so bad, but this harem business… Could I just stick it out? But… if I wanted to survive until the end of this thing, I was going to need the cooperation of the other heroes. Should I ask them to come with me? Would they even agree to? All of that would, theoretically, be fine. But remember that no matter what country you go to, those in power and those who manipulate the people’s beliefs have black hearts. What? ’Poor Mr. Iwatani, stricken suddenly by such powerful sicknesses…’ I see your point. It happened to one of the past Shield Heroes. I didn’t want to know about that. She was saying that the people might worship the Shield Hero, but those with power—those with something to lose—wouldn’t be happy if I just got whatever I wanted. I suppose that made sense too. Who would want some random guy from another world to show up in their borders and start changing everything? I understood where they were coming from, but I also didn’t want to die. What options did I have?    By the way, it seems like you were approached by some adventurers with some false requests… Yeah. It happened a couple of days after I was summoned. People said they’d join my party, but I’d have to pay them. I had let the balloons settle that matter. A couple days after your meeting, their corpses were found—horribly maimed. What?! More things I’d rather not have heard… Furthermore, within a few days a knight’s guard was attacked by a number of people and killed. We have not found those responsible. It may be that… Siltvelt was an extreme country. It sounded like both heaven and hell were waiting for me if I were to go there. Of course, that was only if everything the queen said was true. Therefore, I believe that it is safer for you to stay here, as you have finally earned the trust of the people. … I didn’t really want to cooperate. All the pain and suffering I’d been through wasn’t going to somehow disappear just because the queen commanded it. Even if the queen had been directly involved in Trash and Bitch’s punishment, she was only doing what was natural and expected of her as the country’s leader. Now she’d act like she’d done me a favor and ask for my cooperation? Things were too easy for her. Besides, I respected her abilities—but that didn’t mean that I trusted her. It was easy to say whatever she wanted to. The truth was that she didn’t want me to visit the other countries. Still, if what she said was true, then I could expect a warm welcome from any foreign country, not just from Siltvelt or Shieldfreeden. There wasn’t anything special about Melromarc. … I was thinking over all she’d said when the queen kneeled before me. Everything that has happened to you up until now has been my fault—my responsibility. I understand that it sounds as if I am asking too much of you. She lowered her head to me, deeply. %char7% was completely speechless. %char1% was watching with wide-eyed amazement. Even %char2% seemed to understand that something important was    happening. But please understand. I don’t… No, this country doesn’t have any other option left than to rely on you. If taking my head would soothe your anger, then take it. If changing my name would soothe your anger, then you may do so. Mother… So please, show forgiveness. From now on I will prevent you from being treated unfairly. I swear it on my name: %char8%. I will sign a magical contract. This woman… She’d use her authority to keep Bitch and Trash from being killed then turn around and offer her own life? Had she offered me Bitch’s or Trash’s head, I might have thought about for a minute—but I didn’t really want to see the queen die. Melromarc must have really been in a bad situation. She meant to say that the future of the country depended on… me? If I wanted to, I could rally the world against them and burn this country to the ground. But… Only once. What do you mean? One of your shadows jumped in to save us. And because you helped us put an end to the high priest. Which means… I’ll trust you—but only once. However, and no matter what happens, I won’t trust you after that. Thank you. She bowed to me once more, deeply, and expressed her gratitude. Was I being weak? But if I continued to doubt everything, I’d never move forward. I remembered what Fitoria had said. There was no time for the heroes to fight with each other. That huge Legendary %char2%lial would come kill us all if we kept fighting. The heroes’ enemy wasn’t a country. It was the waves. If countries went to war, only to be wiped out by a wave, then none of it meant anything. And I certainly couldn’t forget that, for all intents and purposes, the heroes had lost the concluding battle during the last wave. There was no reason to make more enemies. I’d been surrounded by enemies this whole time, but now that was about to    change. I didn’t care about what happened to this world, but the only way I could get back to my own world was if I defeated the waves. I had to focus on the waves… On Glass. Just realizing that was a big step forward. The queen rose to her feet and covered her mouth with her folding fan. Can you please keep our conversation a secret from the other three Heroes? A Hero, too, is someone’s child. If they hear that one of them is receiving preferential treatment… She was right. There were plenty of points in the conversation that I’d rather the other heroes didn’t know about. I don’t know about Ren or %char6%, but it seemed like %char5% might throw a fit. Besides, barring any further dramatic developments, it seemed like my lot had greatly improved. Fine. I won’t tell… Yes. Thank you. I will accept responsibility for future management of this issue. Is that so? Then I can finally cross one enemy off of my list… I’m so very sorry. You were summoned here despite having nothing to do with our conflicts… Then you were forced to fight. I wish I could do more for you, but my hands are tied for now. Forgive me. That’s enough of that. Let’s focus on the next step. You said we needed to discuss something with the other three. Yes, but I would like you to be part of the conversation. So let’s discuss it at dinner tonight. Okay.    Epilogue: Friends Forever   The queen gave orders to her subordinates before walking to the stairs behind the throne. %char7%… I’m leaving Oh, um… Okay. %char7% looked at me before answering. Thank you for protecting me… She continued, but was speaking so quietly it was nearly a whisper. Could she have said, Sorry for not being myself"? I’m not deaf or anything…. but she could speak up a little. So I made her say it again. Huh? What was that? Sigh. If I stick with you, I’ll never be safe—so this is a relief. What was that? Who did she think she was? Oh yeah… a princess. %char7% turned to %char1%. Hey, don’t ignore me! Ms. %char1%. Thank you for protecting me. I will work with my mother to do whatever we can to have your village rebuilt. Please look forward to that. Yes. Thank you. This whole time that I was traveling with you, I’ve been thinking how much I want this country to be a safe place for both humans and demi-humans to live together. I’ll change it. I promise. Hey, I’m not done talking! %char7%! %Name%—you’re so noisy. What was that? Before I could yell back she had already turned to %char2%. I kept quiet. …Because that strong-willed %char7% was breaking down in tears. What’s wrong, Mel?! Are you hurt? Not really… No, I’m fine—so don’t worry about me, %char2%. Hey, %char2%. I can’t… I can’t stay with you anymore. Are you going somewhere, Mel? %char2% could tell that something was wrong. She made a sad face. %char7% lives in a different world than we do. She can’t keep traveling with us the way she has been. We couldn’t just take the future queen around on our adventures.    Is that true? %char2% looked like she was ready to start crying too. … Yes. We can’t see each other anymore? No, we’ll meet again plenty of times. But I don’t think we can travel together anymore. %char7% turned around to look at the queen. The queen nodded silently. So… So we’re splitting up? Yes. But, %char2%, I can see you any time you come to the castle. %char7%’s voice wavered as she spoke. %char7% had really influenced our travels. Everything changed after we met. No! I… I want to be with Mel! Master! You got what you originally wanted. %char7% is safe. You can’t ask for more than that. But…! %char2%, you can’t be selfish. U… %char2% was rubbing her hands, very upset. %char7% reached for them. I know it hasn’t been that long… but I don’t know. I feel like I’ve known you forever. Mel… I’m very sad to be leaving you, %char2%. But there are so many things waiting for you that only you can do. And there are things for me here, things that only I can do. But… but I want to stay with you, Mel! Wah… %char2%. %char2% started to cry, and %char7% reached out to touch her face. It will be okay. If you ever want to see me, I’ll be here. I’ll be waiting for you, %char2%, because you’re my friend. My best friend! Even if we can’t be together, you’ll always be my friend, right?! Of course! No matter where we go, I’ll always be your friend. Promise? Promise! We hadn’t been traveling together for all that long, but %char2% and %char7% had really bonded. At the beginning, %char2% had been selfish, a real hungry pig. But Mel had taught her what friendship really was—being there for someone else. %char2% had made a good friend. It was important—these friendships. I decided that, when the waves were done and gone, I’d give %char2% to %char7%.    %char7% would treat her well, and I knew that %char2% would be good to %char7% too. They’d made good friends—both of them. We were watching the two of them say goodbye when %char1% reached for my hand and squeezed it. I didn’t say anything, but I squeezed her hand back. Everything was going well.     I felt like I’d finally made it to the starting line. Thinking back on it all, after I’d been framed, expelled, and discriminated against… nothing had gone well for me at all. But things were changing. I’d be as involved in things as the other heroes… if not more so. And I had one less enemy to worry about. But the real problem of the waves hadn’t changed at all. Still, I had to believe that everything was better than it had been. I wanted to believe it was better. Well… —I did believe it. Looking at my friends, I believed it.     Whoa… That monster is STRONG! … Fitoria was fighting back the monsters when they came surging from the wave. Should we retreat?! Do you think we can? Fitoria reared back and kicked a monster as it appeared from the wave. Guuuah! She kicked it too hard. But the monster was really tough. It didn’t actually fall down but disappeared back into the wave. Had it been a normal person, it would have died on the spot. But it seemed to have survived… I guess. It seemed like it was formed from pure energy. Fitoria thought about using her weapon, but it wasn’t strong enough to handle her attacks. The wave grew silent, and the rifts began to close. This was one of the waves from the dragon hourglass that Fitoria was in charge of managing. That was Fitoria’s duty, to face down the waves that happened in areas that humans were not able to enter. It’s what the past heroes asked of her. Whew… Fitoria! We’ve finished pushing back the monsters! One of her %char2%lial subordinates ran forward and saluted before declaring that all the monsters had been dealt with. Good work. Fitoria looked at the place where the wave had occurred. Why didn’t the four Holy Heroes come to fight the waves? Fitoria really needed to look into that… If she didn’t, how could she protect the world? She’d heard from her subordinate that the Heroes had been summoned. But it didn’t seem like they were doing anything. For the time being, Fitoria could just focus on keeping the monsters out of her own area, but if the Heroes weren’t going to stop the waves that happened in the human-controlled areas then she wouldn’t be able to do everything herself. If they had been summoned, what were they doing?    Who knew? This isn’t good! Hm? When Fitoria had travelled the world in secret, she’d met a strange young girl. The subordinate she’d entrusted the girl too had just come running up. Did you see her off safely? It had been a young girl that wanted to be friends with Fitoria so badly she’d walked right into a dragon nest. Fitoria had fought to protect her. It was a very rare thing these days. Normally humans just wanted to control all the other living things around them. They used %char2%lials like they were tools, and refused to acknowledge that there were forces out there more powerful than themselves. Fitoria had gone through times in the past when she’d had to deal with them. It had been a real pain. The Hero had said, with his dying breath, that they were all supposed to work together to protect the world. But the humans had forgotten, and they tried to do away with Fitoria and the others… If there weren’t any Heroes, there was no point in protecting the humans. Ah, I… I forgot! Sigh… why didn’t any of Fitoria’s friends have good memories? Fitoria put her head in her hands. What did you all leave for? We… We… We... what? What? If you can’t do your jobs, I’ll have to get rid of you. To be removed from Fitoria’s clan was like a death sentence to a %char2%lial. Fitoria was in charge of all the wild %char2%lials. If you were kicked out of Fitoria’s clan, you weren’t even a %char2%lial anymore. All they could expect was a rough death. That’s how strong Fitoria’s protection was. N… No! Anything but that! Please forgive us! … And? What isn’t good? That’s right… We saw someone out there that looks like you! Fitoria felt the feather on her head move. If a %char2%lial grew into a %char2%lial Queen form, like Fitoria, that meant a Hero had raised her. It meant that there was proof that Fitoria’s successor had been born. And it meant that the Heroes really had returned. What did she look like? What color was she?    The first thing Fitoria had to figure out was what the %char2%lial looked like. Um… she was white! And there was water running out of her mouth. That’s not it! She was kind of red! And she had a bunch of hands! She was pink! And she had a bunch of heads all over. Are you sure she was a %char2%lial? Fitoria tried to imagine the next %char2%lial Queen. She was red and white and pink and had a bunch of heads and a bunch of arms. It would be scary to be attacked by such a thing. Uh… Fitoria held her head and slowly sat down. This thing they had described didn’t sound like a %char2%lial at all! But maybe such things could happen if a Hero had raised her. A Hero had raised Fitoria, and she looked different than the other normal %char2%lials did. Did it mean that that was what the Hero wanted? Or maybe she was some kind of mixed breed. Fitoria didn’t want to meet a %char2%lial Queen with a bunch of heads and a bunch of arms. She didn’t want something like that to become queen either. She didn’t want that thing to take over her job. And besides, Fitoria wasn’t scary like that. If she was supposed to be like Fitoria, she would probably look like Fitoria. It would be weird if she was some other kind of creature. What should we do, Queeeeeen? A subordinate was asking. Better not look uncertain. Hm… Fitoria had just started wondering what the Heroes were up to, so this would be a good time to go see. I will go to meet with this %char2%lial Queen candidate. Let’s prepare! Roger! And so Fitoria turned into a normal %char2%lial shape, and set off for Melromarc, which is where her subordinates said that they had seen the new %char2%lial Queen. What should we do? People will be suspicious if they see us all together like this. Let’s all split up and look for the Hero. OKAAAAAY! After giving orders to the subordinates, Fitoria began to investigate. The best idea she had was to just ask a domesticated %char2%lial.    Domesticated %char2%lials spent most of their time with humans, so they should know what the humans were up to. They were different from wild %char2%lials. So Fitoria went to a %char2%lial farm, stuck her head over the fence, and asked the closest %char2%lial. The %char2%lial was very black, though, and had an evil look in its eyes. Was that a name-tag around its neck? In human writing it said: BLACK THUNDER. Hey. Huh? What the hell? You think you can just talk to Black Thunder? The black %char2%lial was fuming as he looked Fitoria up and down. You’re kind of cute, though. What do you say? If you want to stick with me I could have my master make you my concubine. It didn’t seem like the black %char2%lial really understood %char2%lial relations. From the back of the pen another older %char2%lial came running over in a fluster. Fitoria would have to show them their place. She raised one leg and transformed only it, so it grew really big very quickly, slamming it into the other %char2%lial. Fube…. You shouldn’t speak to a nice lady that way. Keep that up, and it will be the end of you. Whoops. That hit had made a pretty good sound. She had better use restorative magic. Ahhhhhhhhhh! Black Thunder ran off with his tail between his legs. You are the Queen! Please, clam your anger… The older %char2%lial bowed his head. Very well. I’m not that mad anyway. But I must point out that that %char2%lial is in dire need of an education. I’m sure he is already reflecting on that. Good… Fitoria received some food from the older %char2%lial. It wasn’t very good. But it was food she hadn’t tasted in a long time, and it made her feel nostalgic. Over the years she’d forgotten that the humans knew how to make some delicious food. Fitoria’s old Hero master used to make her food all the time. It had been very good.    I heard that a Hero came through here with a queen candidate. Have you heard about them or seen them? About that… The old %char2%lial explained to Fitoria all that he had heard about the Heroes since they had been summoned. The Shield Hero had committed crimes and was on the run? He had a bluehaired girl with him? But all that was some kind of conspiracy? Hm… And what does that have to do with the queen candidate? Right now, the only Hero raising a %char2%lial is the Shield Hero. I’ve seen him myself. He seemed like a good person. Really? The %char2%lial was pink? Did she have a lot of heads and arms? No, just the normal amount of both. Those stupid subordinates had been wrong! Do you know where they went? Not really. Okay. Well, thank you. Come by anytime! She left the old %char2%lial behind and met back up with her subordinates. They had gathered information too. It sounded like the weirdoes were all on the run towards the southwest. So Fitoria decided to go to the southwest too. Where WAS the southwest? She was thinking it over, when… GYAOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! Her feathers stood on end. Her instinct told her that it was the roar of a dragon. She turned to see a vicious monster with the Dragon King’s Fragment crash through the wall of a human town. Ahead of the monster was… a pink %char2%lial Queen. And a man with a shield was riding on her back. She’d found them. Without stopping to think, Fitoria took off running after them. Squinting to follow them, she was overcome with nostalgia. Yes, it was the day she’d been born. The hero had looked down on her and smiled.    She almost felt that warm, that all-encompassing warmth, again. There was no doubting it. That man with the Shield was a Hero. But Fitoria could feel something else. He had a deep sadness and anger within himself. He must have used the Curse Series. The curse from a Hero’s weapon was very powerful. Fitoria had seen it many times. But they had to sacrifice much to use it. They ended up hurting themselves. There was no doubt in her mind. The deep sadness and pain that he harbored had unlocked the Curse Series. She wanted to heal his pain. She wanted to help him. For a moment, she’d gotten sentimental. She quickly blinked and snapped out of it. She was as cold as ice. This world didn’t have time for sentiment. She watched from a distance as the Shield Hero, his party, and his pink %char2%lial faced down the dragon monster. That pink girl must have been the queen candidate. Of course, she only had one head. They were different sizes and colors, but the candidate did look like Fitoria. But, watching her fight, Fitoria didn’t think that she looked very strong. It made Fitoria nervous. Sanctuary. Fitoria cast a spell that would prevent anyone from leaving the battleground. She had so many questions. Why hadn’t he been helping fight the waves around the world? What were the other Heroes doing? The world needed Heroes. There wasn’t time for them to run around a single country. In the worst-case scenario… No, she didn’t want to do it—but she could. She could dirty her hands for the sake of the world. Because Fitoria had promised… a long time ago, Fitoria had promised her Hero…